B-52 cocktail - Kahlua, Baileys, Grand Marnier. The B-52 is a layered shot served in a pousse-cafe glass. Variations include using half measures in a shot glass, using teaspoons of grand marnier to fill a double shot glass. Alternatively, in a rocks glass, stir and strain into ice-filled glass. Kahlua may be replaced with another coffee liqueur, Baileys with another Irish Cream and Grand Marnier with another Curaçao. 
Adios motherfucker - Ingredients1 oz (3 cl) vodka1 oz (3 cl) rum1 oz (3 cl) tequila1 oz (3 cl) gin1 oz (3 cl) blue Curaçaosplash of sour mixtop with 7-Up or other citrus sodaMethod: Pour equal parts of vodka, rum, tequila, gin, and blue Curaçao. Add a splash of sour mix, and then top up with 7-Up. Serve on the rocks in a highball glass.
Afterburner - IngredientsvodkaTabasco sauceground cinnamonMethod: Mix equal parts vodka and Tabasco sauce in a shot glass. Carefully ignite it with a lighter. It may be necessary to warm the drink a bit to get it to burn. While it burns, sprinkle some ground cinnamon on the flame and watch it burn.
Alabama Slammer - Alabama Slammer 02.jpgIngredients1 part Southern Comfort1 part amaretto liqueur1 part sloe gintop with orange juiceMethod: Pour and then shake with ice and strain into shot glass or cordial. Slam it down.Notes:If you have no sloe gin, grenadine syrup can be substituted.Drink as a shooter or as a cocktail.
Alexander - Ingredients½ oz (1.5 cl) gin or brandy½ oz (1.5 cl) heavy cream½ oz (1.5 cl) white crème de cacaonutmegMethod: Combine ingredients over ice, shake, and strain into a cocktail glass. Sprinkle nutmeg on top.Note: It is said to be named after Czar Alexander II of Russia.
Alien Brain Haemorrhage - IngredientsPeach Schnapps1 tsp Bailey's Irish CreamBlue Curacao (optional)2 drops of Grenadine syrupMethod: Fill shot glass halfway with Peach Schnapps. Slowly add about 1 tsp Bailey's Irish Cream until the shot glass is almost full. Optionally add a little Blue Curacao and finally add 2 drops of Grenadine syrup.
Alien Piss - Ingredients0.5 oz Apple Pucker0.5 oz Blue Curacao0.5 oz Yukon Jack0.5 oz Sour MixSeven UpMethod: Mix all ingredients in shaker and strain contents into shot glass.
Amaretto Sombrero - Ingredients1 oz (3 cl) amaretto liqueur4 oz (12nbsp;cl) creamMethod: Mix ingredients together in lowball glass.
Americano - Ingredients1 oz (3 cl) Campari1 oz (3 cl) red vermouthA splash of soda waterDescription: Before-dinner cocktailMethod: Mix the ingredients directly in an old-fashioned glass filled with ice-cubes, add a splash of soda water, and garnish with half orange slice.
American Revolution - Ingredients1½ oz (4.5nbsp;cl) gin1½ oz (4.5nbsp;cl) bourbon2 dashes Angostura bittersorange peelsour cherriesMethod:Muddle orange peel in bitters and 1 oz (3 cl) of gin.Add the remainder of the gin, the bourbon, and ice.Stir 30 seconds to awaken the aromatics of the liquors.Strain into an Old Fashioned glass, and fill the glass with ice.Garnish with sour cherries.
Apoica - Ingredients1 oz (3 cl) gin (sometimes vodka is substituted)2 oz (6nbsp;cl) citrus sodaMethod: Fill a highball glass with ice. Pour ingredients over the ice. Stir gently, and serveNotes:Named after the stinging nightwasp of Brazil.The apoica is a relatively easy to prepare alternative to a gin and tonic.
Apple Martini (aka Appletini) - Vodka and either apple juice, apple cider or apple liqueur. Typically, the apple vodka is shaken or stirred with a sweet and sour mix and then strained into a Martini glass. May be garnished with a slice of Granny Smith apple.
Apple Pie Shooter - 2 oz (6nbsp;cl) apple juice, 1 oz (3 cl) vodka, whipped cream in a can, and cinnamon sugar in a salt or pepper shaker. Two people are required. The designated drinker sits in a chair with head back and mouth open. The second person pours the apple juice and then the vodka into the mouth. In order for the full taste of the drink to come out, the drinker must keep his or her throat closed, this also prevents choking. The second person then adds a good size shot of whipped cream and a light sprinkling of the cinnamon sugar. The drinker then sits up, swishes to mix the ingredients, swallows. There can be different recipes for this shot; some do 1 part vodka, 1 part apple juice; others do 2:1 parts, it all depends on how strong the shot is wanted.
Apricot Pie - 0.5 oz (1.5 cl) light rum, 0.5 oz (1.5 cl) sweet vermouth, 4 dashes each of apricot brandy and lemon juice, 2 dashes of grenadine. Shake mixture with ice and strain into a glass.
Around The World - Brandy, Whisky, Gin, Vodka, rum,Tequila & Beer.
Atomic Vimto - half a pint (284 mL) of Stella Artois into a Pint (568 mL) glass, and adding 50 mL of Port. A shot (25 mL) of scotch is added, and topped with WKD Blue. The other option is to double the scotch, use 75 mL of port and fill the rest with WKD Blue. Other names include Cheeky Vimto.
Avenger - 2 oz (6nbsp;cl) vodka, 1 oz (3 cl) energy drink, 2 oz (6nbsp;cl) orange juice, 2 oz (6nbsp;cl) pineapple juice, dash lemon juice, dash bitters. Use a Collins glass with or without ice, dash in the lemon juice and bitters, add the energy drink, fill up the glass with even amounts of orange and pineapple juice, stir all ingredients, garnish with a lemon wedge. The Avenger is a sweet party cocktail with a tropical flavour, originating from Melbourne, Australia.
Aviation - 2 oz (6nbsp;cl) gin (or vodka), 1 oz (3 cl) lemon juice, 1 oz (3 cl) maraschino liqueur. Shake or stir with ice. Strain into a cocktail glass. Serve with a cherry. Common brands of maraschino are Maraska, Luxardo and Stock. Other cherry-flavoured liqueurs or the syrup from maraschino cherries should not be substituted, as they are much sweeter and have a very different taste.
Baby Guinness - Tia Maria, topped up with Baileys. The Baileys should be poured into the Tia Maria using the back of a spoon, this slows down the pouring of the Baileys and should allow the Baileys to sit on top of the Tia Maria to look like a baby pint of Guinness. The glass used to drink this should be a small whiskey glass or a shot/shooter glass. It is very sweet to taste which is why it is very popular among young adults.
Bailey's Comet - ½ shot (15 mL) of Baileys Irish Cream, ½ shot (15 mL) of Goldschlager (although any thin flammable cinnamon except Hot Damn will do), splash of flammable alcohol (Bacardi 151 works well), pinch of cinnamon. Fill shot glass half way with Baileys Irish Cream. Layer on top half shot of Goldschlager. Add splash of flammable alcohol. Dim the lights, and ignite. Sprinkling cinnamon into the flame will cause sparks to appear in an otherwise dim blue flame.
Banana Banshee - 2 oz (60 mL) cream, 1 oz (30 mL) banana liqueur and 1 oz (30 mL) cacao liqueur (white). Pour into an ice filled shaker. Shake and pour into a cocktail glass. Add a garnish of nutmeg powder. The drink is reputed to have been invented by Nick Castrogiovanni of Nick's Big Train Bar in New Orleans.
Banana Daiquiri - 2 measures (60 mL) light rum, 1 measure banana liqueur (Pisang Ambon), 1 measure (30 mL) lime juice, half a banana, crushed ice. Mix the rum, banana liqueur, lime juice, the banana and the ice in a blender. Strain into a cocktail glass.
B and B - 1 measure (30 mL) brandy, 1 measure (30 mL) Benedictine. Float the Brandy on top of the Benedictine.
Bandera - 1 shot (30 mL) of silver tequila, 1 shot (30 mL) of sangrita, 1 shot (30 mL) of lemon juice, salt on a small dish. There is no method to mix this drink. You should drink, one at a time, the shot of tequila, sangrita and lemon juice. Salt is used for lowering the 'boom' of the tequila. Named after the Mexican flag.
Bandito - 1 part Kahlúa, 3 parts ginger ale, ice. Pour Kahlúa into glass with ice. Top off with ginger ale. Tastes sweet.
Bastille Bomb - 1 part blue curaçao, 1 part Cointreau, 1 part grenadine. The Bastille Bomb is a layered shot. First add the grenadine (the most dense of the liquids), then the curaçao, then the Cointreau (the least dense).
Beautiful - 1 oz Hennessy® cognac, 1 oz Grand Marnier® orange liqueur. Pour each ingredient into a brandy snifter and serve.
Bee's Kiss - 2 parts light rum, 1 part honey, 1 part sour cream, crushed ice. Put the ice, rum, honey and sour cream in a blender. Blend until the mixture is smooth. Strain into a cocktail glass. Serve the cocktail without garnish.
Belfast Bomber - 1 oz (30 mL) Baileys, 1 oz (30 mL) cognac, fill with ice. Build over ice drink with a straw
Bellbird - 1 oz (30 mL) light rum, 1 oz (30 mL) gold rum, ½ oz (15 mL) Razzmatazz (crème de cassis and chambord are acceptable substitutions), ¾ fill with cranberry juice, ¼ fill with pineapple juice. Build drink in an iced hurricane glass, roll into shaker for a few shakes, pour back into glass, garnish with a squeeze of lime and serve.
Bellini - 2 oz (60 mL) white peach purée, 5 oz (150 mL) prosecco sparkling wine. Pour peach purée then prosecco into a mixing glass filled with ice. Gently roll the shaker end over end to mix the ingredients. Do not shake as shaking will make the prosecco flat and could cause the mixing glass to explode. Strain into a champagne glass and serve. Bartender Giusepi Cipriani invented this cocktail at Harry's Bar, Venice in 1948. The drink was named after the 15th century Italian painter, Giovanni Bellini. It is reported that the pink glow of one of Bellini's painting is the inspiration to this cocktail. Originally this cocktail would only be made for four months of the year when the white peaches were in season. This was the case until Giusepi's son Arrigo began using a flash frozen peach purée. With the opening of Harry's Bar in New York City, the Bellini has been embraced throughout the western hemisphere.
Between The Sheets - ½ oz (15 mL) brandy, ½ oz (15 mL) rum, ½ oz (15 mL) triple sec, 1 oz (30 mL) lemon juice.
Bitch Slammer (also B Slammer) - 1 part vodka, 3 parts sparkling wine. Mix directly in the sparkling wine bottle. Serve chilled in long champagne glasses
B-Juice - A vodka based cocktail from Peachtree City, Georgia
Black and Tan - Stout beer (such as Guinness) and another, lighter beer (such as an ale or lager). A common technique is to fill the glass half full of the light beer, and then carefully pour the dark beer in, over an upside-down spoon, so that the two don't mix.
Black Cow - Root beer, vanilla ice cream. Pour root beer into a (preferably chilled) glass or mug. Top with one scoop of vanilla ice cream.
Black Devil - 1½ oz (45 mL) tequila, 12 oz (350 mL) Coke, squeeze of lime. Build over ice in a glass.
Black Dick - 1 oz (30 mL) creme de banane, 1 oz (30 mL) Kahlúa. Also known as Black Banana.
Black Forest - 1 oz (30 mL) creme de cacao, 1 oz (30 mL) cherry liqueur, 1 oz (30 mL) Kirschwasser, 1 oz (30 mL) cream. Shake all ingredients together and pour into a Collins glass. Add a little more cream as a floater, then add a cherry.
Black Martini - ⅔ oz (20 mL) gin, ⅓ oz (10 mL) black sambuca. Pour ingredients over ice. Shake gently. Strain into cocktail glass. Another cocktail called Black Martini is as follows: 4 ½ oz (130 mL) vodka (Absolut), 2 oz (60 mL) chambord raspberry liqueur, 1 oz (30 mL) blue curacao, ice. Combine in shaker. Shake vigorously. Strain into cocktail glass.
Black Russian - 2 parts vodka, 1 part kahlua, 1 part Coke (optional). Mix ingredients, stir and add ice.
Blacksmith - 1 part brandy, 1 part drambuie, 1 part Kahlúa
Black Velvet - 6 oz (180 mL) cold Guinness, 6 oz (180 mL) cold dry champagne or other dry sparkling wine. A black velvet is made by filling a tall flute glass halfway full of chilled stout and floating the sparkling wine on top of the stout, with the differing densities of the liquids allowing them to remain largely in separate layers (as in a pousse-café). The effect is best achieved if it is poured over a spoon turned upside down over the top of the glass so that the liquid runs gently down the sides rather than splashing into the lower layer and mixing with it. A "champagne in mourning" mixture created in 1861 to commemorate German-born Prince Albert, Queen Victoria's consort, who died of typhoid fever at age 42. Black Velvet is also known as Bismark and Champagne Velvet. According to Brewer's Dictionary of Phrase and Fable, the black velvet was the favorite drink of Otto von Bismarck, who supposedly drank it by the gallon. In Germany, the cocktail often goes by his name. A common variation is the poor man's black velvet, prepared with a cider or perry bottom layer.
Blaster Bates - Blaster Bates is a type of alcoholic fruit drink, believed to be first founded in Cheshire, England and named after local personality Blaster Bates. It is made with 2 measures vodka, 4 oz. Orange Juice, 2 oz. Milk, 1 Banana, ¼ cup Blueberries, ¼ cup Raspberries. The ingredients are mixed in a blender for 30 seconds, then served into a Collins glass.
Blaster Shooter (Jägerbomber) - ½ a can of Red Bull or other "energy drink". 1 shot (30 mL) of Sprite, 7-Up or other lemon-lime soda, mixed with the Red Bull, 1 shot (30 mL) of Jägermeister or other liqueur, poured into a shot glass. The Blaster is taken by dropping the shot of Jägermeister into a Collins glass and drinking like a shot. The drink is popular because it causes intoxication and also allegedly lets the drinker become more alert.
Bleeding Brain (Brain Haemorrhage) - 1 oz (30 mL) peach schnapps, ¼ oz (7 mL) Baileys, dash of grenadine. Pour schnapps into a shot glass. Float Baileys over the back of a spoon. Pour a little grenadine through the Baileys until it falls into the schnapps.
Bloody Caesar - 1oz (30 mL) Vodka. Celery salt the rim of the glass. Dash Worcestershire sauce, dash Tabasco, Clamato JuiceServe in a highball, garnish Lemon/Lime, Salt/Pepper and a celery stick. (Only Available in Canada)
Bloody Mary - 1½ oz (45 mL) vodka, 3 oz (90 mL) tomato juice, ½ ounce (15 mL) lemon juice, 7 drops Worcestershire sauce, 3 drops Tabasco sauce, 1 pinch freshly ground pepper, 1 pinch of celery salt, ¼ teaspoon (1 cm³) freshly grated horseradish. Shake with ice. Strain into an old-fashioned glass filled with ice. Garnish with pickled asparagus sprig or slice of celery.
Blue Blazer - 1 part boiling water, 1 part whisky, 1 tsp (5 mL) powdered sugar or honey, lemon peel garnish (optional). The whisky, ignited, is poured from one mug into the mug of boiling water, back and forth until the blue flame goes out (4-6 times). It is then poured into the serving mug or Irish Coffee mug containing the honey or sugar and lemon peel. It was created by Jerry Thomas, a bartender and author, while working at the El Dorado in San Francisco. Reportedly while making the drink, US President Ulysses S Grant was so impressed that he gave Thomas a cigar. Thomas would only make the drink if the outside temperature was 10 °C or below or if the person ordering the drink had a cold or the flu, whose symptoms the drink was to alleviate. [1]
Blue Hawaiian - 1 part frozen lemonade, one part blue curaçao, two parts vodka. Pour frozen lemonade into a pitcher. Add curacao and vodka. Celebrated for its potency and its festive, aqua-blue colour.
Blue Hawaiian - 1 part light rum, 1 part blue curacao, 2 parts pineapple juice, 1 part cream of coconut, 1 cup (250 mL) ice, 1 cocktail cherry, 1 piece of pineapple. Shake the rum, the blue curacao, the pineapple juice and the cream of coconut with the ice. Strain into a highball glass and garnish with a cherry and a piece of pineapple.
Blue Lagoon - 1 oz (30 mL) vodka, 1 oz (30 mL) Malibu rum, 1 oz (30 mL) blue curaçao, 7 oz (200 mL) lemonade. Optionally, sugar the glass rim. Shake vodka and rum with crushed ice poured into the glass. Add lemonade, then pour blue curacao down the inside of the glass for effect. Many bars will use one shot (30 mL) of blue curaçao, throw in some lemon bar mix, and call it a Blue Lagoon. Supposedly created in the 1960's by Andy MacElhone (son of Harry, of Harry's Bar in Paris ).
Boilermaker - 1 shot (30 mL) of whiskey (or any other spirit), 1 pint (568 mL) of beer of your choice. A boiler maker is just a mug of beer and a shot of whiskey. Hold the shot of spirits above pint glass of beer, drop and chug.
Bourbon County Cowboy - 2 oz (60 mL) bourbon whiskey, ½ oz (15 mL) light cream. In a shaker half-filled with ice cubes, combine the bourbon and cream. Shake well. Strain into a cocktail glass.
Brandtea - 1 shot (30 mL) of brandy, 1 bag of black tea, sugar and milk (as needed). Prepare tea in a mug and add boiling water. Add milk and sugar as needed. Finally add the shot of brandy and stir. Try using a sweet brandy such as Metaxa.
Brandy Alexander - 1 oz (30 mL) cognac, 1 oz (30 mL) creme de cacao, 1 oz (30 mL) double cream. Shake the ingredients thoroughly with ice and strain into a cocktail glass.
Brandy and Coke - 2 oz (60 mL) brandy, ¼ tsp (1 cm³) sugar syrup, 2 dashes bitters, 1 twist of lemon peel. Stir all ingredients (except lemon peel) with ice and strain into a cocktail glass. Add the twist of lemon peel and serve.
Brandy Punch - 1.5 oz (45 mL) brandy or cognac, 0.5 oz (15 mL) cointreau, 2 dashes angustura bitters.
Brass Monkey - Equal parts vodka, rum and orange juice. It is thus essentially a screwdriver with rum added. Pulp-free orange juice is usually desirable for reasons of palatability, though freshly squeezed juice may also yield a good brass monkey. Dark rum is also preferable, since it is the mixing of the brown rum with the orange juice that produces the distinct brass-like coloration for which this drink is named. Much of this drink's notoriety comes from the Beastie Boys' song: "Monkey tastes Def when you pour it on ice. Come on y'all it's time to get nice". An alternative cocktail, often attributed to the Beastie Boys track, is essentially a variation on a mimosa. It consists of three parts malt liquor and one part Sunny Delight. Typically Olde English 800 or St Ides is used, and always in the forty-ounce bottle. The first quarter to third of the bottle is consumed, and then topped off with Sunny D, capped, inverted, and guzzled.
Brave Bull - 1½ oz (45 mL) tequila, ½ oz (15 mL) Kahlúa. Build over ice in a rocks glass. [2]
Bronx Cocktail - 1 oz (30 mL) vermouth, 1 oz (30 mL) gin, juice of ¼ orange, 1 slice orange. Shake all ingredients (except orange slice) with ice and strain into a cocktail glass. Add the orange slice and serve. For a dry Bronx cocktail, use dry vermouth; for a Bronx golden cocktail, use half dry and half sweet, and add an egg yolk. The Bronx was supposedly invented by Johnnie Solon of the Waldorf-Astoria bar in Manhattan.
Buck's Fizz - Orange juice, chilled Brut champagne, dash of grenadine. Fill a champagne glass ⅓ full of orange juice. Top with champagne and a dash of grenadine. The drink is named after London's Buck's Club where it was first served in 1921. The Buck's Fizz is the English version of the French mimosa and predates the mimosa by 3 years. Both drinks are usually served at breakfast or brunch. Although the recipe given here, with grenadine, may be the original usage, most British people will understand 'Buck's Fizz' to refer to a mixture of orange juice and champagne; i.e. it is the usual British term for what Americans would call a 'Mimosa'. Sometimes, where real Champagne is not available or cannot be afforded, a white wine is used in its place.
Bullfrog - 12 shots vodka, 1 qt lemonade. Shake well in a closed container, pour into an open container and stir well.
Bullshot (also known as Crunk Juice) - 1 part vodka, 2 parts Red Bull. Pour Red Bull into vodka. Add ice (optional). Serve chilled.
Bull's Milk - 1 oz (30 mL) light rum, 1.5 oz (45 mL) brandy, 1 cup (240 mL) milk.
Burnt Fuselage - 1 part triple sec, 1 part cognac, and 1 part dry vermouth served over ice and garnished with lemon.
Buttery Nipple - 1 part butterscotch, 1 part Irish cream. Layer.
Buzzed Aldrin - The cocktail of the astronauts: 1 part Tang, 1 part vodka
Caffè Corretto (Espresso Corretto) - 1 part grappa (or brandy), 2 parts espresso. A shot of espresso coffee "corrected" with a shot, usually grappa or brandy. It is widely consumed in Italy and usually taken after lunch or dinner
Caipirinha - One lime (tip: get rid of white centre), 1-2 tsp (5-10 mL) sugar (to taste), cachaça (to fill glass containing lime, sugar, and ice). Cut the lime in four pieces and crush with sugar using a wooden pestle in a whiskey tumbler or similar glass. Add cachaça, stir, and finally add crushed or grained ice, or ice in cubes. The finer the ice, the faster it cools, but also dilutes the mixture. The amount of cachaça can vary from one to two doses, depending on the size of the glass. Although not an original procedure, water may be added to dilute, but it is normally not necessary as the ice will melt. Shake vigorously. Caipirinha is a traditional Brazilian drink. If you don't have cachaça on hand, replace with a good quality clear rum (in this case, the drink is called a "caipiríssima"), or vodka can also be used ("caipiroska"). In Europe, it is fashionable to use brown sugar instead of white, giving the drink a mossy colour and an earthy, warmer feel to it. Some bartenders use simple syrup in order to minimise the mixing needed and crunchiness of sugar crystals. Some people also replace the ice cubes with chopped ice, but this causes it to melt more quickly, watering down the drink. Some health-conscious Brazilians will drink it with a sugar substitute such as aspartame. A "caipifruta" is prepared in the same way, replacing or complementing the lime with any other fruit (always fresh, never juices). Popular fruits include passion fruit, kiwi, lemon, pineapple and strawberry. A caipirinha should be drunk quickly, as the essential oils of the lime peel, set free while pounding the lime halves, will give an unpleasant, bitter taste
Careless Memory - 1 part whisky, 1 part Bacardi, 1 part dark rum, 1 part Malibu poured over ice and mixed with Coca-Cola. If the Coca-Cola is flat (as is preferable for this particular drink) the mixture is shaken before serving. The sweetness of the rums and cola combine with the coconut of the Malibu to mask the drink's true alcoholic content. Drinking two is recommended only for those with strong stomachs or a strong desire for amnesia. It is named after a song by pop group Duran Duran and has been likened to Douglas Adams's fictional drink called the Pan Galactic Gargle Blaster.
Caribbean Sling - 1 part Gin, 1 part Rum, dash of Cointreau or Triple Sec, big squeeze of lime, big squeeze of lemon. Pour over ice in a high ball glass. Top off with club soda and garnish with marachino cherry. Created by David Ruisard in Houston in 2006. Very light but still fairly complex. Great for hot summer days. A big improvement over the syrup induced Singapore Sling.
Carlo Sud - ½ oz Benedictine, 2 oz amber rum, 1 to 2 dashes Angostura bitters. Combine all ingredients in a shaker half-filled with ice and stir until well chilled. Strain into a cocktail glass. Run lemon twist around rim and drop into drink.
Cast Iron Chowder - Place a rusty nail in a double shot glass of cheap Vodka (Kamchatka or Taaka is ideal). Remove the nail and add the Vodka to a cup of orange soda (e.g. Fanta or Sunkist)and garnish with a lime wedge. Reputed to be a favorite drink of Mick Jagger.
Cement Mixer - 1 oz (30 mL) Baileys, 1 oz (30 mL) lime juice. Fill a shot glass 2/3 full with Baileys, and gently float the lime juice on top. Taken correctly, the Cement mixer provides an interesting texture in one's mouth. However, in a short time the creme solidifies, care must be taken to consume a Cement mixer before this happens as the solidified version is not very palatable.
Champagne Blues - Champagne, blue curaçao, lemon peel. Pre-chill champagne and curaçao. Pour champagne into a chilled glass. Add curaçao to taste. Twist lemon peel over drink and drop into glass.
Cheeky Vimto - Cherry Dr. Pepper½ oz. Captain Morgan Run, ½ oz. Cherry Schnapps (Mc.Guillicutty's is best), 1 oz. Captain Morgan TATTOO & a splash of Cola. Can be made into a full size drink. Tastes just like Cherry Dr. Pepper when you add the Cola.
Chilcano of Pisco - 7 ice cubes, 2 ounces of pisco breaks, 1/4 ounce lemon juice, 3 drops of angostura bitter, An ounce of ginger ale. Put in a glass ice cubes, add the pisco, lemon juice and angostura bitters. Pour ginger ale to complete the glass and garnish with a slice of lemon.
Chocolate Martini - 2 oz (60 mL) vodka, ½ oz (15 mL) creme de cacao. Pour ingredients into shaker filled with ice then pour into Martini glass.
Classic Champagne - 1 cube of sugar, dash of Angostura bitters, chilled dry champagne, 1 tsp (5 mL) of brandy, cocktail cherry. Place the cube of sugar in a champagne flute and add a dash or two of Angostura bitters. Carefully fill the glass with champagne. Add the teaspoon of brandy. Serve decorated with the cocktail cherry.
Clockwork Tangerine - 12 oz Sprite® soda, 1 packet Kool-Aid® Tangerine mix, 1 oz Bacardi® gold rum, 1 oz Smirnoff® vodka. Mix all ingredients in a beef pilsner. Stir together, and serve.[3]
Cocksucking Cowboy - Butterscotch schnapps, Baileys. Half fill a 4shot glass with butterscotch schnapps. Then, holding a teaspoon over the shotglass, gently pour Baileys on top so it floats over the schnapps. That's it!
Coconut Pie - 1 shot Malibu® coconut rum, 1 shot Kahlua® coffee liqueur, fill with cold milk. Serve with or without ice.[4]
Comfortable Screw - 2 fingers of Southern Comfort, on the rocks in a tall glass. Fill with orange juice.
Condom - A two layer shot. First layer: vodka. Second layer: Baileys. Fill the glass at ¾ of vodka. Then pour the Bailey's gently over the vodka with a spoon. Try getting the drinker to dip their finger in the shot before drinking.
Cosmonaut - 2 parts Tang® powdered soft drink, 1 part vodka, 3 crushed ice cubes. Mix really well and serve.[5]
Cosmopolitan - 1½ parts vodka, 1 part triple sec, 1 part cranberry juice, dash of lime. Shake with ice. Strain into a cocktail glass. The Cosmopolitan was first created by Cheryl Cook in South Beach, Miami in either 1985 or 1986. Toby Cecchini is credited with changing the rose's lime cordial to fresh lime juice and standardising the triple sec as Cointreau. Common recipes include: (1) (Dale DeGroff) 1½ oz (45 mL) citron vodka, ½ oz (15 mL) Cointreau, ¼ oz (7 mL) fresh lime juice, 1 oz (30 mL) cranberry juice. Shake all ingredients with ice. Strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with an orange peel. (2) (Gary Regan) 1½ oz (45 mL) citrus vodka, 1 oz (30 mL) triple sec, ½ oz (15 mL) fresh lime juice, 1 or 2 dashes cranberry juice, for colour. Shake and strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with a lime wedge. (3) (Voted Best Cosmopolitan in London, England by Time Out) 35 mL cytrynowa (Polish lemon vodka), 15 mL triple sec, 5 mL Rose's Lime Cordial, 5 mL fresh lime juice, 20 mL cranberry juice, 2 dashes Hoppes Orange Bitters. Shake with ice, and then strain into Cocktail Glass. Garnish with a flamed orange twist. [6][7]
Crazy Ivan - 1 part black tea (brewed), 1 part vodka. Pour vodka into hot tea. Drink immediately.
Creeping Death - 4 shots vodka, 8 shots extra dry vermouth, 1 pinch salt, fill with orange juice. Shake well.[8]
Crunk Juice - 8 oz can Red Bull energy drink, 1½ oz cognac. Pour both ingredients into a cup, stir slightly, and serve.[9]
Cuba Libre - 90 mL (3 oz) Coca-Cola, 30 mL (1 oz) rum, 60 mL (2 oz) gin (optional), 2 dashes bitters (optional), lime wedge. Rub the rim of a highball glass with the lime. Fill the glass with ice. Add rum. Fill with Coca-Cola. Drop in the lime squeeze. Jones' Bar Guide omits the gin and bitters, but they are said by some to greatly improve the quality of the drink. The Cuba Libre ("Freedom for Cuba") was invented in Havana, Cuba around 1900. Patriots aiding Cuba during the Spanish-American War and, later, expatriates avoiding Prohibition, regularly mixed rum and Coca-Cola as a cocktail and a toast to this West Indies island. 
Cucaracha - 1 part Kahlúa, 1 part tequila. Pour the Kahlúa, then slowly pour in the tequila so that two distinct layers are form. Some mixing in the middle is fine (and even desirable) but at the top it should be all tequila. Light the tequila with a lighter, and allow the blue flame to burn. It helps to use the lighter on the side of the glass too, to warm up all of the liquid. Works best in a tall shot glass. When the flame starts to taper off (or when you can't hold yourself back any longer, or when you think it's good and hot) suck up all of it through a straw as quickly as possible.
Daiquiri - This refers to a family of cocktails. Daiquirí Natural is the basic mix, that serves as the starting point to the more complex cocktails of the family: 1.3 oz (40 mL) light-dry rum, 0.7 oz (20 mL) lime juice, 1 teaspoon (5 mL) sugar, crushed ice. Mix the ingredients in a shaker and serve. Daiquiri Floridita is the most common and famous version of this cocktail, allegedly it was invented by Constantino Ribalaigua Vert, barman and owner of the Floridita in the 1950s, whom Ernest Hemingway nicknamed El grande Constante. This recipe is also known as Daiquirí Frappé: 1.5 oz (45 mL) light-dry rum, the juice of 1 lime, 1 tsp (5 mL) sugar, crushed ice, 10 drops of maraschino liqueur. Mix all the ingredients in a blender until the ice is finely crushed and serve iced. Strawberry Daiquiri: ½ oz (15 mL) strawberry schnapps, 1 oz (30 mL) light rum, 1 oz (30 mL) lime juice, 1 tsp (5 mL) powdered sugar, 1 oz (30 mL) strawberries, crushed ice. Mix all the ingredients in a blender until the ice is finely crushed and serve iced. Other versions: Papa's is the version of the cocktail that Hemingway allegedly preferred (Papa is the nickname that fishermen gave Hemingway in Cuba), is identical to the Floridita Daiquiri, it only substitutes lime juice with grapefruit juice. It is said that Hemingway drank this cocktail with no sugar and doubled the rum. Mulata is the same cocktail as the Floridita Daiquiri, but instead of light-dry rum (which is colourless) it requires aged rum, which gives the cocktail an amber colour. Other versions, which did not originate in the Floridita, are also common in bars worldwide, such as Banana daiquiri and Strawberry daiquiri.Danis2 oz (60 mL) vodka, 2 oz (60 mL) orange juice, 3 oz (90 mL) grapefruit soda or Squirt. Mix vodka and orange juice, add ice, add soda. A variant of the cocktail uses sweetened grapefruit juice and club soda, instead of the grapefruit soft drink. Serve over ice in a short glass.
Dark And Stormy - 15 mL lime juice, 4 knobs of ginger cut into small pieces, 50 mL Goslings Black Seal Rum (other dark rum will suffice). Load with ice, shake and strain. Top with either fiery ginger beer, ginger beer or soda depending on preference and amount of ginger used. Add slice of lime to garnish. Combine as warranted, the ideal ratio culminates in a dark cola colour. The Dark And Stormy originated in Bermuda, where Gosling's distillery was founded. There is a variant made with vodka, called the Clear And Sunny. Also, the Partly Cloudy is made with vodka and gatorade when you are out of rum and ginger beer.
Darth Vader - ½ oz (15 mL) vodka, ½ oz (15 mL) light rum, ½ oz (15 mL) triple sec, 2 oz (60 mL) sour mix, ½ oz (15 mL) gin, ½ oz (15 mL) Jose Cuervo silver tequila, Jägermeister. Stirred method: Pour all ingredients, except Jägermeister, directly into an iced Collins glass. Fill the remainder of the glass with Jägermeister. Shaken method: Shake all ingredients, except Jägermeister, in a cocktail shaker with ice. Strain into an iced Collins glass. Fill the remainder of the glass with Jägermeister.
Darth Vader with a Lightsaber - Same drink as above, except add 1 freeze pop.
Dead German - Equal parts Jägermeister and Goldschläger in a shot glass.
Dead Nazi - Equal parts Jägermeister and Rumplemintz Peppermint Schnaps in a shot glass.
Death In The Afternoon - 1 oz (30 mL) absinthe (or Pernod or Absente), 5 oz (150 mL) chilled champagne. Pour absinthe into a flute and top with the champagne.
Devil's Tail - 1½ oz (45 mL) rum, 1 oz (30 mL) vodka, 1 tbsp (15 mL) lime juice, 1½ tsp (7 mL) grenadine syrup, 1½ tsp (7 mL) apricot brandy. Blend all ingredients together with a half cup of crushed ice until smooth. Serve in a champagne flute.
Dew - 2 oz whiskey, 10 oz Mountain Dew® citrus soda. Combine the two ingredients in a tall glass with/without ice.[10]
Dirty Hooker - ½ ounce (15 mL) Jagermeister, ½ ounce (15 mL) raspberry Sour Puss in a shot glass.
Dirty Martini - 3oz (90 mL) of Gin (Vodka) and,a splash of dry vermouth, stirred in a Boston shaker with ice. a splash of the garnish juice usually Olive. Strain into chilled Martini glass. Garnish with green Olive
Dirty Vimto - A Dirty Vimto (also known as a dirty pint) is an alcoholic cocktail drink popularised in 2004 which replicates the fruit extract drink Vimto with the use of beer, alcopop and port wine. To a pint sized (568 mL) glass is added large (50 mL) port (usually Cockburns). The glass is filled to half way with Stella Artois and filled with WKD Blue. This unusual combination has a flavour reputed to be both delicious and remarkably similar to that of Vimto.
Dirty Water (Dirty Bath Water) - ½ shot (15 mL) vodka, ½ shot (15 mL) banana liqueur, ½ shot (15 mL) Maui Blue Hawaiian, ½ shot (15 mL) midori, ½ shot (15 mL) chambord, 1 splash soda, 1 oz (30 mL) sour mix.
Dixie Dew - 2 oz (60 mL) bourbon, ½ tsp (2.5 mL) creme de menthe (white), ½ tsp (2.5 mL) triple sec. Shake all the ingredients in a shaker with ice. Strain into a cocktail glass. Serve.
Dom Pedro - 1 shot (30 mL) of Irish whiskey (or amarula), two spoons of vanilla ice cream, double cream. Whisked together, lightly top with shavings of dark chocolate.
Donatello - 1½ oz (45 mL) vodka, ½ oz (15 mL) triple sec, ⅓ oz (20 mL) lime juice, ½ oz (15 mL) midori, splash of chambord. Shake all of the ingredients except for the chambord over ice and pour into the glass. Then add the chambord to the glass and allow it to sink to the bottom.
Doug Lang - 3 parts Bailey's Irish Cream, 2 parts Kaluha, 1 part Godiva Chocolate liqueur. Mix all of the ingredients into a brandy snifter, traditionally with one's finger (please wash first). Up to two ice cubes are permissible for chilling.
Dry Martini - Dry Vermouth - splashDry Gin - 3 oz. (90 mL)Pour just a Splash of Dry Vermouth in a mixing glass top with ice, stir, and empty the liquid of the glass, (this is for take the aromatics of Martini) then, pour the Dry Gin, Stir well. Strain in to a Martini Chilled glass. Take a little peel of lemon and squeeze the zest (like a spray) garnish with green olive.
Earthquake - 1 measure gin (30 mL), 1 measure (30 mL) whisky, 1 measure (30 mL) Pernod. Shake well over ice and strain into a whisky tumbler. Warning: Unpleasant and very unfriendly.
Ectoplasm - First variation: 3 oz (90 mL) vodka, 1.5 oz (45 mL) Grand Marnier orange liqueur, 1.5 oz (45 mL) blue curacao liqueur, 1 splash orange juice. Stir in a glass and serve over ice. Second variation: This variation is more complex, and involves floating a solid over the drink. 1 package lime jelly, 1 cup (240 mL) boiling water, ¾ cup (60 mL) rum (or vodka or tequila), ½ oz (15 mL) blue curacao, ½ oz (15 mL) peach schnapps, 1 splash orange juice, 1 splash pineapple juice. Dissolve the jelly in the boiling water. Leave to cool.Mix in the rum (or vodka or tequila). Set in a freezer, whipping with a whisk just before it sets in order to introduce air bubbles (for effect). Shake the blue curacao, peach schnapps, orange juice and pineapple juice and strain into a cocktail glass. Spoon the jelly onto the top. Ectoplasm is a cocktail that is meant to have a "green slime" appearance, in order to resemble ectoplasm.
Eggnog - 8 fresh eggs, 1 cup (250 mL) sugar, 3 cups (750 mL) milk, 2 cups (500 mL) heavy/whipping cream, ground nutmeg to sprinkle on servings, 1 cup (250 mL) white rum, 3 cups (750 mL) brandy or whisky or cognac. Separate eggs into yolks and whites in separate bowls. Beat egg-yolks with ½ of sugar, set aside. Beat egg-whites until stiff, then mix in other ½ of sugar. Pour the yolks into the whites and mix together slowly. Stir in milk slowly. Stir in ½ of cream slowly. Whip rest (½) of cream and fold in carefully. Serve at room temperature by ladling the eggnog into cups and sprinkling nutmeg on top.n(Optional) Add in white rum and brandy to servings according to taste. Can be served hot if desired. Eggnog is a type of milk-based punch belonging to the posset family of drinks. It originates in Europe and its name may have originated from grog or from a small drinking cup known as a noggin. Eggnog typically consists of milk, eggs and sugar mixed together and may be served with or without added spirits. Other ingredients include spices such as nutmeg, cinnamon, coriander or allspice. Eggnog is typically served as a winter drink. Although rarely as good as "homemade" recipes, ready-made eggnog containing alcohol and "just-add-alcohol" versions are available for purchase in a variety of stores. It is sometimes added as a flavouring to food or other drinks. [11][12][13]
Electric Lemonade - 40 mL vodka, 2 mL blue curaçao, fresh pressed orange juice. Shake the ingredients and serve in a highball glass. It is green coloured.
El Presidente - 1 oz (30 mL) light rum, 1 oz (30 mL) dry vermouth, 1 tsp (5 mL) grenadine, 1 tsp (5 mL) blue curaçao, twist of orange peel, maraschino cherry, cracked ice. Combine ice and liquids in a large glass. Stir well and strain. Twist the orange peel over the glass, and then drop it in. Garnish with a maraschino cherry. The El Presidente is a cocktail of pre-revolutionary Cuban origin. Although popular throughout the island nation, the recipe shown here was developed at the La Florida bar by Constantino Ribailagua.
Esoteric Solipsist - Equal parts Fernet Branca, Pernod, Italian grappa and tequila.
Extra Dry Martini - 1 splash dry vermouth, 3 measures (90 mL) gin, 2 olives. Splash vermouth into the shaker, swirl it around, then dump it out. Add the gin to the mix. Prepare as a stirred cocktail in a cocktail glass. An Extra Dry Martini can be made similar to a Martini, but with even less vermouth than a Dry Martini (qv). Reference: The Official Harvard Student Agencies Bartending Course, Third Edition, ISBN 0-312-25286-2.
Extra Extra Dry Martini - 3 oz (90 mL) gin, 2 olives. Prepare 3 oz (90 mL) of gin as a stirred cocktail. Do not add vermouth. Reference: The Official Harvard Student Agencies Bartending Course, Third Edition, ISBN 0-312-25286-2.
False Start - 1 shot bourbon, ½ shot apple brandy, and the juice of half a lemon served neat in a rocks glass topped up with apple cider.
Fear And Loathing - Muddle 1 slice of pink grapefruit with two barspoons (10 mL) of granulated sugar and 4 dashes Fee Brothers Peach Bitters in a rocks glass. Fill glass with ice. Add 3 oz (90 mL) Bellows Bourbon. Stir. Created by Benjamin Peikes and submitted to Gary Regan for his Fear And Loathing cocktail contest which commemorated Hunter S. Thompson. The recipe listed above won first prize.Fire on Ice2 oz (60 mL) vodkaFill with pear or apple ciderice cubes (optional)Pour vodka in a highball glass. Fill balance of glass with cider, stir, and serve. Add ice cubes if you like.
Flaming Bob Marley - ½ shot (15 mL) amaretto, ½ shot (15 mL) 151-proof rum, ½ pint (250 mL) of lager. Fill half of shot glass with amaretto, top with rum. Ignite shot glass mix. Pick up shot glass by sides, drop (bottom first) into pint glass and chug. It is a flaming cocktail that tastes like the soft drink Dr Pepper, although it does not contain any. This drink inspired an episode of the animated television show The Simpsons. The drink on that episode was known at first as the "Flaming Homer", later as the "Flaming Moe" (after the programme's bartender).
Flaming Dr. Pepper - ½ shot (15 mL) amaretto, ½ shot (15 mL) 151-proof rum, ½ pint (250 mL) of lager. Fill half of shot glass with amaretto, top with rum. Ignite shot glass mix. Pick up shot glass by sides, drop (bottom first) into pint glass and chug. It is a flaming cocktail that tastes like the soft drink Dr Pepper, although it does not contain any. This drink inspired an episode of the animated television show The Simpsons. The drink on that episode was known at first as the "Flaming Homer", later as the "Flaming Moe" (after the programme's bartender).
Flaming Engineer - 0.5 oz (15 mL) of each of blue curacao, Baileys, Kahlúa, Galliano, Bacardi rum, Bacardi 151. This is a complicated drink that requires two separate drinks. The first drink is a layered shot in a shot glass. First layer blue caracao, second layer Baileys. The second drink is layered as well, but in a Martini glass. First layer Kahlúa, second layer Galliano, third layer Bacardi rum, fourth layer Bacardi 151. Light the Bacardi 151. Carefully pour the shot into the Martini glass. Use a straw to drink the entire drink in one gulp.
Flaming Lamborghini - 0.5 oz (15 mL) of each of blue curacao, Baileys, Kahlúa, Galliano, Bacardi rum, Bacardi 151. This is a complicated drink that requires two separate drinks. The first drink is a layered shot in a shot glass. First layer blue caracao, second layer Baileys. The second drink is layered as well, but in a Martini glass. First layer Kahlúa, second layer Galliano, third layer Bacardi rum, fourth layer Bacardi 151. Light the Bacardi 151. Carefully pour the shot into the Martini glass. Use a straw to drink the entire drink in one gulp.
Flaming Nazi - Equal parts Jagermeister, Goldschlager, and Rumpleminz. Chill well before serving.
Flat Liner - 0.5 oz (15 mL) tequila, 0.5 oz (15 mL) white Sambuca, Tabasco. Pour tequila into a shot glass. Add a few drops of Tabasco, enough to cover the tequila. Carefully layer the white Sambuca over the Tabasco and tequila.
Flirtini - 3 to 4 fresh raspberries, 1½ oz (45 mL) Stolichnaya Razberi vodka, ½ oz (15 mL) Cointreau, splash of fresh lime juice, splash of pineapple juice, splash of cranberry juice, Brut champagne or other dry sparkling wine, Mint sprig for garnish. Muddle the raspberries in the bottom of a chilled champagne flute. Pour the vodka, Cointreau and fruit juices into a shaker two-thirds full of ice cubes. Shake very well. Strain into the champagne flute. Top with the champagne. Add the mint sprig. Alternate ingredients: 1 oz (30 mL) Stoli Raspberry, ½ oz (15 mL) triple sec, splash of fresh lime juice, ½ oz (15 mL) pineapple juice, 4 raspberries muddled at bottom of glass, a float of sparkling wine.
Florida - ½ oz (15 mL) gin, 1½ tsp (7 mL) Kirschwasser, 1½ tsp (7 mL) triple sec, 1 oz (30 mL) orange juice, 1 tsp (5 5mL) lemon juice. Shake all ingredients with ice, strain into a cocktail glass and serve.
Frangelico Luau - 1 part Frangelico, 3 parts pineapple juice, a dash of grenadine. Mix ingredients in blender. Serve in tall glass of ice. Garnish with slice of pineapple.
French 75 - 40-50 mL lemon juice, 90 mL gin, 1 white of egg, 15 mL cream, 1.5 tsp (7.5 mL) sugar, 3-4 ice cubes, 90 mL cold champagne. Shake the first 6 ingredients in a shaker. Strain. Add champagne. The French 75 was first made by American army officers and got his name from a French First World War rapid fire gun. Older version: 1 tsp (5 mL) absinthe, 1 part gin, 2 parts calvados. If bourbon whiskey is substituted for the gin, it becomes a French 95, and if cognac is substituted for gin, it becomes a French 125. [14]
French Martini - 1¼ oz (35 mL) chambord raspberry liqueur, ¾ oz (20 mL) Grand Marnier, 2 oz (60 mL) orange juice, 1 oz (30 mL) soda water. Mix all ingredients in a shaker with ice, chill and strain in a Martini glass or cocktail class. You may also add sugar to the rim if you like. Alternative ingredients: 1½ oz (45 mL) good quality grain vodka (Ketel 1), ¼ oz (7.5 mL) chambord, ¼ oz (7.5 mL) fresh pineapple juice, 1 twist lemon peel. [15]
Frozen Matador - 1½ oz (45 mL) tequila, 2 oz (60 mL) pineapple juice, 1 tbsp (15 mL) lime juice. The ingredients are mixed with crushed ice in a blender and served with a pineapple stick in an old-fashioned glass.
Frozen Pineapple Daiquiri - 1½ oz (45 mL) light rum, 4 pineapple chunks, 1 tbsp (15 mL) lime juice, ½ tsp (5 mL) sugar.
Fruit & Nut Chocolate Martini - 1 oz (30 mL) Blackcurrant Vodka, ½ shot (15 mL) Creme de Cacao, ½ shot (15 mL) Creme de Cassis, ½ shot (15 mL) Frangelico, ½ shot (15 mL) Irish Cream Liqueur, ¾ shot (20 mL) heavy cream. Shake & Strain into a Martini Glass. Garnish: Shavings from a chocolate bar. Named after Cadbury's Fruit & Nut chocolate bar. Origin unknown; found in Difford's Guide to Cocktails 2005 (a new edition comes out every year around the Holidays).
Funky Blue Drink - Double shot (60 mL) of vodka, shot (30 mL) of Archers (peach schnapps), one glass of white wine, shot of blue curacao. Served in a pint glass topped up with lemonade. This particular cocktail is believed to have originated in Sheffield in the United Kingdom, and is well known for its distinctive colour and its pleasant refreshing taste.
Fuzzy Navel - 1 part vodka, 1 part peach schnapps, ½ part pineapple juice, splash orange juice. Mix and pour over iceGG-Spot1 part Sprite1 part Captain Morgan's spiced rum1 part Wilderberry1 part sour mixMix and pour into a glass.
Geisha - 2 oz (60 mL) bourbon1 oz (30 mL) sake2 tsp (5 mL) sugar syrup1½ tsp (7.5 mL) lemon juiceShake with ice. Strain into a glass filled with ice cubes. Garnish with fruit if desired. Serve.
Gentle Fruity White - Fruit juice, especially hand-made or equivalent (i.e. tropical mix)Riesling white wine, such as the extremely common Aufkellerein.Mix to taste as one would a Cuba Libre or vodka cocktail.
Ghetto Margarita - 1 oz tequila1 oz 7-Up® sodaStir ingredients together over ice in a short glass, and serve.[16]
Gibson Martini - ½ oz (15 mL) dry vermouth2 ½ oz (75 mL) gin2 cocktail onionsA Gibson is just like a Martini (qv), except garnished with cocktail onions. It's been said to have been named after one Mr Gibson, renowned for his tolerance until it was revealed that he had an agreement with many bartenders to give him a glass of water with an onion as a signal. Reference: The Official Harvard Student Agencies Bartending Course, Third Edition, ISBN 0-312-25286-2.
Gimlet - London Dry Gin 2 oz. (60 mL)Rose's Lime 2 oz. (60 mL)Pour gin and lime cordial into a mixing glass and top with ice. Stir well. Strain into a frosted Martini glass and garnish with a lime peel or green cherry.enjoy.
Gin and Ginger - Gin Buck1½ oz (45 mL) ginjuice of ½ lemonginger alePour gin and juice of lemon into an old-fashioned glass over ice cubes. Fill with ginger ale, stir and serve.
Gin And Juice - 1 part gin1 part grapefruit juice1.5 parts orange juicePour all ingredients into a shaker, shake well and pour into a highball glass filled with ice. Garnish with a slice of lime. The drink is notable for sharing a name with the 1993 Snoop Dogg song Gin and Juice.
Gin and Tonic - 1 jigger (45 mL) gintonic water to fill1 lime wedgeBuild as a highball. An origin legend tells that the traditional gin and tonic came about when British colonists in India, drinking a far more bitter anti-malarial tonic, mixed gin with the medicine to make it palatable. Whether or not the story is true, the tonic water used as a present-day mixer contains only a fraction of the quinine, and is sweetened. Reference: The Official Harvard Student Agencies Bartending Course, Third Edition ISBN 0-312-25286-2.
Gin-Cassis Fizz - 2 ½ oz (75 mL) gin1½ oz (45 mL) lemon juice1 tsp (5 mL) superfine sugar4 oz (120 mL) club soda½ oz (15 mL) creme de cassisIn a shaker half-filled with ice cubes, combine the gin, lemon juice and sugar. Shake well. Strain into a Collins glass almost filled with ice cubes. Add the club soda. Stir well. Drop the cassis into the centre of the drink.
Gin Fizz - 2 oz (60 mL) ginjuice of ½ lemon1 tsp (5 mL) powdered sugarcarbonated waterShake gin, juice of lemon and powdered sugar with ice and strain into a highball glass over two ice cubes. Fill with carbonated water, stir and serve.
Gin Highball - 1 jigger (45 mL) gin1 lemon twistginger ale to fileBuilt as a highball. Reference: The Official Harvard Student Agencies Bartending Course, Third Edition, ISBN 0-312-25286-2.
Gin Rickey - 1½ oz (45 mL) ginjuice of ½ limecarbonated water1 wedge limePour juice of lime and gin into a highball glass over ice cubes. Fill with carbonated water and stir. Add the wedge of lime and serve.
Gin Sour - 2 oz (60 mL) gin½ tsp (2.5 mL) sugar1 oz (30 mL) lemon juice (or other citrus juice)In a shaker half-filled with ice cubes, combine gin, lemon juice and sugar. Shake well. Strain into a sour glass and garnish with the orange slice. The Gin Sour is a traditional mixed cocktail from the US which antedates Prohibition. In an 1898 book by Finley Dunne, Mr Dooley includes it in a list of great American inventions:[17]
Glögg - The following is a very classic variation of Glögg:
Godmother - 1.5 oz (45 mL) vodka0.5 oz (15 mL) amarettoserved in a rocks glass over iceA godfather is made with scotch in place of vodka. A fairy godmother is made with creme de noyaux in place of amaretto.
Golden Cadillac - 20 mL white crème de menthe20 mL Galliano20 mL orange juice20 mL creamShaken with ice cubes for mixing. Strain and drink.
Golden Elk - ½ shot (15 mL) Goldschläger½ shot (15 mL) JägermeisterThe ingredients are combined into a shot.
Golden Fizz - This is a Gin Fizz (qv) made with egg yolk instead of egg white.
Goodbye Russia With Love - 1 shot (30 mL) vodka1 shot (30 mL) brandy1 shot (30 mL) amarettocrushed ice2 maraschino cherriesCombine ingredients, sans cherries, in a cocktail shaker. Shake well and pour over cherries in whiskey glass. A Goodbye Russia With Love is a sweet cocktail with equal parts of vodka, brandy and amaretto. It was created in Salford and dedicated to a beautiful Russian girl.
Gorilla Fart - 1 part Bacardi 151 rum1 part 101 Wild Turkey whiskyThis drink is flammable. Variations include adding one part Southern Comfort
Grasshopper - ½ oz (15 mL) green crème de menthe1 oz (30 mL) white crème de cacao1½ oz (45 mL) creamThe ingredients are shaken and served either straight up or on the rocks. Variations include using cream or vodka.
Green Cow - 1 part Pisang Ambon liqueur1 part milkThe Pisang Ambon liqueur that is used to make a green cow is green banana flavoured liqueur. It is a sweet, bright green herb. The name for this liqueur comes from an Indonesian Island, Ambon and Pisang means banana. This is a type of drink that is better well blended and frozen. Serving it cold helps keeps the taste and makes the flavour last longer than served warm. It also helps keep the milk in it cold. There are many varying recipes for this drink. For each person that tries it they develop their own taste and way of making it.
Green Cow (Alternative recipe) - 40 mL Absolut vodka30 mL Pisang Ambon liqueur20 mL milkfill with Sprite sodaThen mix everything and serve. Here the Absolut vodka comes from Sweden and is produced from distilled winter wheat. One can taste a bit of dried fruit in in, when it is drank straight. It can also come in other flavours, such as Absolut Peppar or Absolut Mandarin. The best way to serve it is in a Collins cup.
Green Garden - 1 orangehalf a lemon or 1 limebrown sugarpineapple juicepeppermint extractsparkling mineral waterpeppermint leaves (optional). Squeeze one orange and half a lemon. In a shaker mix 50 mL of orange and lemon (or lime) juicehalf a teaspoon of brown sugar100 mL of pineapple juice and two drops of peppermint extractPour into a 300 mL glass and add ice cubes and mashed peppermint leaves. Add mineral water until the glass is full.
Greyhound - 1½ oz (45 mL) gin5 oz (150 mL) grapefruit juicePour ingredients into a highball glass over ice cubes. Stir well and serve. (Vodka may be substituted for gin, if preferred.)
Gully Wash - 1 part sweetened condensed milk1 part coconut milk (traditionally, it would be the "juice" straight from the coconut)1 part ginBlend the above ingredients, adding the sweetened condensed milk last. Serve over ice. Gully Wash is a Bahamian drink - not a tourist drink, something enjoyed by islanders.
Hanky-Panky - 1.5 oz (45 mL) gin, 1.5 oz (45 mL) sweet vermouth, 2 dashes Fernet Branca. Pour all the ingredients into a Martini glass half full of ice cubes. Stir well to combine and chill. Strain into a chilled Martini glass. The Hanky-Panky cocktail was the brainchild of Ada Coleman. Her benefactor, Rupert D'Oyly Carte, a member of the D'Oyly Carte family that first produced Gilbert and Sullivan operas in London, and the family that built the Savoy Hotel. When Rupert became chairman of the Savoy in 1903, Ada was given a position at the hotel's American Bar, where she eventually became the head bartender and made cocktails for the likes of Mark Twain, the Prince of Wales, Prince Wilhelm of Sweden and Sir Charles Hawtrey. Charles Hawtrey was the man for whom "Coley", as Ada Coleman was affectionately called, created the Hanky-Panky cocktail. He was an Victorian and Edwardian actor who mentored Noel Coward. Coley herself told the story behind the creation of the Hanky-Panky to England's The People newspaper in 1925:"The late Charles Hawtrey ... was one of the best judges of cocktails that I knew. Some years ago, when he was overworking, he used to come into the bar and say, 'Coley, I am tired. Give me something with a bit of punch in it.' It was for him that I spent hours experimenting until I had invented a new cocktail. The next time he came in, I told him I had a new drink for him. He sipped it, and, draining the glass, he said, 'By Jove! That is the real hanky-panky!' And Hanky-Panky it has been called ever since."
Harvey Wallbanger - Ice cubes, 2 measures (60 mL) vodka, 2/3 measure (20 mL) Galliano, 5 measures (150 mL) orange juice, 1 slice of orange. Half-fill the shaker with ice cubes. Add the vodka and orange juice, and shake well. Strain into an ice-filled highball glass. Gently float the Galliano on top, and garnish with the orange slice. This well known tipple was one of many cocktails invented by renowned, (and two times world champion) mixologist Donato 'Duke' Antone (other notable 'Duke' creations are the Rusty Nail, The Godfather and the Flaming Caesar). This is one of many cocktails invented by 'Duke' in Los Angeles during the 1950's. According to legend, Harvey was actually a Californian surfer. After losing an important contest, he consoled himself in Duke's Blackwatch bar with one of his 'special' screwdriver cocktails, (a screwdriver with a dash of Galliano liqueur). After several drinks, he tried to leave the bar, but unfortunately kept bumping into the furniture and walls. Harvey 'the Wallbanger' became his nickname and the famous drink was named. In 2005, the American-based Food Network listed the Harvey Wallbanger cocktail as number four in its list of the top five fad foods of the 1970s.
Henry Morgan's Grog - 2 oz (60 mL) dark rum, 1 cube sugar, 3 cloves, 1 tbsp (15 mL) lemon or lime or orange juice, slice of lemon, boiling water. Place all ingredients except boiling water in an 8 oz (240 mL) mug. Stir till sugar is dissolved. Leave the spoon in the mug and pour in boiling water to fill and stir.
H - H-Bomb2 oz (60 mL) of rumple minze, 12 oz (350 mL) of mountain dew. Pour mountain dew into chilled 14 oz (415 mL) Collins Glass. Top off with rumple minze. Invented in 1989 an H-Bomb is a carbonated citrus and peppermint cocktail. There are numerous variations: Bikini Atoll - substitute 1 oz (30 mL) Barcardi 151 for 1 oz (30 mL) rumple minze; Heisenberg - substitute 1 oz (30 mL) Jägermeister for 1 oz (30 mL) rumple minze; Edward Teller - substitute bourbon for rumple minze. Tokugawa - substitute sake for rumple minze. Oppenheimer - substitute 4oz. Manischewitz for 2oz. Rumpleminze, requires use of 16oz. Pint glass. Manhattan Project – substitute 1 oz. Wild Turkey for rumple minze. Enrico Fermi – substitute Compari for rumple minze.Hangman's BloodThis is a drink first described by Richard Hughes in his 1929 novel, A High Wind in Jamaica. According to Hughes,Hangman's blood ... is compounded of rum, gin, brandy, and porter ... Innocent (merely beery) as it looks, refreshing as it tastes, it has the property of increasing rather than allaying thirst, and so once it has made a breach, soon demolishes the whole fort [1]In the 1960s novelist Anthony Burgess described its preparation as follows: Into a pint glass [568 mL], doubles [i.e. 50 mL measures] of the following are poured: gin, whisky, rum, port and brandy. A small bottle of stout is added and the whole topped up with champagne....It tastes very smooth, induces a somewhat metaphysical elation, and rarely leaves a hangover.
Hi-Fi - Brazilian cocktail, made popular in the 1960's, consisting of orange soda and vodka. It is quite similar to the Screwdriver, causing some confusion on its country of origin. The original recipe used a brand of soda called Crush, which is not manufactured any more, being replaced with orange Fanta.
Horse's Neck - A highball made with whiskey (usually rye or bourbon) and ginger ale, with a long spiral of lemon peel draped over the edge of the glass.
Hot Buttered Rum - 1.5 oz (45 mL) rum, 1 tsp (5 mL) sugar, freshly boiled water, butter, nutmeg. Pour rum into a cup. Stir in sugar. Top up with water. Add a knob of butter and sprinkle with nutmeg. The Joy of Cooking describes this drink as one that "makes you see double and feel single". Replacing the boiling water with hot cider makes a "Stonewall".
Hot Totty - Add one shot of Jack Daniels to an 8 oz (240 mL) glass of tea (amount of tea can be raised or lowered to taste). It can be served hot or over ice.
Hunter Thompson - Fill a highball glass with ice cubes and then pour Wild Turkey 101 to the rim. Favorite drink of author Hunter S. Thompson
Invisible Man - 2 oz (45 mL) gin, ½ oz (15 mL) brandy, ½ oz (15 mL) triple sec (optional), 2 oz (60 mL) orange juice, 3 oz (90 mL) ginger ale. Add ingredients to a highball glass with ice. Fresh squeezed orange juice is recommended for best flavor.
Irish Car Bomb - First pour a shot (30 mL) of an Irish Whiskey such as Jameson or Tullamore Dew into a glass, and add about a pint (568 mL) of Irish beer such as Guinness or Murphy's. Drop a shot (30 mL) of Irish Cream such as Bailey's (including the shot glass) into the glass of beer. Immediately drink the mix. The Guinness beer and Irish Cream Liqueur will curdle together as soon as they make contact. The Irish Carbomb should be completely drunk before the drink has completely curdled. If done correctly, an Irish Carbomb should taste chocolatey.
Irish Coffee - Strong black coffee, brown sugar, whiskey, very lightly whipped cream. Put a metal spoon in a wine glass and pour in the hot coffee. Leave about 1.5 cm space above the coffee. The spoon helps to prevent the glass cracking. Mix two teaspoons (10 mL) of sugar and the whiskey into the coffee, and remove the spoon. The amount of sugar can be suited to the drinker. Also, the more sugar in the coffee, the easier the final step is. Hold a tablespoon upside down over the glass, and slowly pour the cream over the back of the spoon onto the surface of the coffee mixture. It should float.
Irish Rootbeer Float - In a chilled glass mug: 1 part rootbeer (preferably a frothy, flavourful variety), 1 part Bailey's Irish Cream, 1 part vodka. The Irish rootbeer float is a relatively new invention, finding its origins in the Southwestern region of Pennsylvania. It is a creamy, sweet beverage that utilises the mild neutral flavour of vodka to excellent effect, having a deceptively high alcohol content. The mix itself is very simple and versatile. Many feel that an Irish rootbeer float can act as a better introduction to spirits than beer, which is a far more common introduction to alcoholic beverages. The recipe is not written in stone, and the ratio may be adjusted to taste without compromising the overall flavour of the beverage. The Even-more Irish Rootbeer Float is a variation in which some, or all of the vodka is substituted with whiskey. Whilst a minor variation, it does result in a definitively different drink. The flavour is richer and more caustic and far less conducive to first-time drinkers. It does stay truer to its namesake, however. It comprises: 1 part rootbeer, 1 part Bailey's Irish Cream, 1 part whiskey (or a mixture of some part whiskey, some part vodka).
Irish Trash Can - Served in chilled bar glass or mug: Fill the glass ½ to ¾ full of ice. Add 1 straw.Add 1 shot of each of the following clear wells. Vodka, Rum, Gin, Tequila ,& Triple Sec. Next drizzle in 1 shot of Blue Curaçao, covering all of the ice cubes. Now dump one 8 oz can Red Bull energy drink upside down into the glass, allowing it to float. Drink through the straw, and as you desire, lift the can of Red Bull to replenish the drink.
Jade - Cut a lime into 16 chunks and muddle well in a cocktail shaker. Fill the shaker halfway with ice. Add 3 oz. each simple syrup and vodka. Shake until very cold and serve straight up in a chilled martini glass. Garnish with a wedge of lime.Jager Bomb4 oz (120 mL) energy drink (usually Red Bull) 1 oz (30 mL) of Jägermeistertake a glass filled with 4–6 oz (120-180 mL) of energy drink drop Jägermeister into glass and take quickly.
Jäger Colada - 2 oz (60 mL) Jägermeister, 1 oz (30 mL) coconut milk, 4 oz (120 mL) pineapple juice, crushed ice. Combine ingredients in a cocktail shaker. Shake well. Strain and serve with a pineapple garnish.JarabacoaA Jarabacoa is a cocktail made with spiced rum, honey, lime juice, vanilla, cinnamon, and cola. Jarabacoas are usually served in a cocktail glass or lowball.
Jello Shot - Jello shots are made from flavoured gelatin dessert mix and distilled alcohol. The most commonly used liquors are rum and vodka, but almost any type is suitable. A jello shot is usually made in shot glasses, disposable paper cups, or small 2 oz (60 mL) plastic condiment containers. These condiment containers can be purchased in bulk, and come with lids to prevent alcohol evaporation. A jello shot is made just like regular gelatin desserts. Half of the total water required by the recipe is boiled, and then the mix is dissolved into the water. The remaining half of the water is replaced with liquor. Storing the alcohol in the freezer overnight helps chill and set the jello shots quicker. They take at least a couple of hours to set. Tom Lehrer claimed to have invented jello shots during his time with the Army, in the 1950s, as a way of circumventing the military post's liquor restrictions.[2] However, the earliest published recipe dates from 1862, and is found in How to Mix Drinks, or The Bon Vivant's Companion by Jerry Thomas: the recipe calls for gelatin, cognac, rum, and lemon juice.[3]
Jungle Breeze - A combination of raspberry vodka and lemon lime soda. The vodka-soda proportion is left to the discretion of the individual, but the drink should have a smooth lemon lime taste with a sweet hint of raspberry.
Kalisto Comet - 2 oz (60 mL) vodka, 2 oz (60 mL) Baileys, 1 oz (30 mL) coconut oil, 2 grams of crushed mint or peppermint, plenty of ice to top up glass. The Kalisto comet is a unique blend of vodka and Baileys drink; a slight variation is to use Tia lusso as opposed to Baileys as many find the combination of vodka and Baileys to be quite an acquired taste and can be sickly in taste for those not into Baileys too much. The ingredients of the cocktail are selected to make the drink smooth and easy on the senses with the vodka being the most potent ingredient used, the mint used is usually peppermint although an equally preferred alternative can also be spearmint to further add to the smooth taste.
Kamikaze - 1 ½ oz (45 mL) vodka, 1 oz (30 mL) triple sec, 1 oz (30 mL) lime juice. Stir all the ingredients with ice. Strain into a chilled tumbler filled with ice. Garnish with a lime twist.
Kentucky Joe - 2 ½ oz (75 mL) Maker's Mark, ½ oz (15 mL) Kahlúa. Pour ingredients into rocks glass. Add ice and stir. The choice of Maker's Mark in this recipe is important. Other bourbons do not work well unless they are also Wheaters. The Kentucky Joe is a slightly sweet bourbon cocktail. The bitterness of the coffee flavour offsets the sweetness of the bourbon. This cocktail was created at LeNell's Ltd, a Wine and Spirit Boutique, by Benjamin Peikes and named by owner LeNell Smothers.
Kir Royale - 100 mL champagne, 20 mL creme de cassis. Put creme de cassis in the champagne glass and pour the champagne in the glass. Stir until the colour is pale. Serve cold.
Lady Finger - 1 oz (30 mL) gin, 1 oz (30 mL) kirschwasser, ½ oz (15 mL) cherry brandy, 1 oz (30 mL) lemon juice, ½ tsp (2.5 mL) superfine sugar. Shake all the ingredients in a shaker with ice and strain into a cocktail glass.
Lady Killer - 30 mL gin, 15 mL Cointreau, 15 mL apricot brandy, 60 mL Maracujanektar, 60 mL Ananassaft. This is a classic cocktail created by Peter Roth, a famous barkeeper from the Kronenhalle in Zürich, Switzerland. In 1984, he won the world championship with this drink.
Latin Manhattan - 2 measures (60 mL) each of white rum, sweet vermouth and dry vermouth. Add a splash of maraschino cherry juice and shake in a cocktail shaker and serve "up" (with no ice) in a Martini glass with a twist of lemon peel. When making this drink, avoid the temptation to use more rum. It makes the drink quite bitter. The balance of the three alcohols is the key.
Lemon Drop - 1½ oz (45 mL) citrus vodka, ¾ oz (20 mL) Cointreau, 1 tsp (5 mL) superfine sugar, ¾ oz (20 mL) freshly squeezed lemon juice, lemon wheel for garnish. Pour contents into a ice filled mixing glass and shake vigorously. Strain into a sugar rimmed cocktail glass garnished with a lemon wheel. Serve. Originally created at Henry Africa's Bar, San Francisco. Henry Africa's opened in 1969 and was one of the first establishments to serve cocktails that were developed and marketed specifically to females. Although the bar where it was first formulated is now closed, the Lemon Drop continues and has become a cocktail staple of westerners.
Liquid Cocaine - 1 part Jägermeister, 1 part Goldschläger. Should be shot as soon as its poured as the 2 liquors take a couple of seconds to mix.
Liquidex - Long Island Iced Tea½ oz (15 mL) vodka, ½ oz (15 mL) gin, ½ oz (15 mL) tequila, ½ oz (15 mL) triple sec, ½ oz (15 mL) rum, 1½ oz (45 mL) sweet and sour, splash of Coke. Stir. Garnish with lemon twist. Build ingredients over a Collins glass with ice. Some bartenders give the drink a short shake, but this is optional. Some choose to mix it without tequila. Some have nicknamed a Long Island with tequila a "Texas Iced Tea".
Lynchburg Lemonade - Named after the home town of Jack Daniels, Lynchburg, Tennessee. A Lynchburg Lemonade is a cocktail made with Jack Daniels, orange liqueur, sour mix, and any lemon-lime soda to fill. It is typically served on the rocks in a Collins glass, and garnished with a lemon or cherry.
Maiden Head - 3 oz (90 mL) cherry brandy, 2 oz (60 mL) cherry 7-up, 2 oz (60 mL) cherry soda, whipped cream, a cherry. All liquids should be chilled and mixed with a stirring stick. Top the cocktail with whipped cream and a cherry. The name probably comes from fact that cherry, the theme ingredient of this cocktail, and maiden head are both slang terms for the hymen.[24] [25] [26]
Maiden's Prayer - 1½ oz (45 mL)gin, 1 oz (30 mL) lemon juice, ½ oz (15 mL) triple sec. Shake all ingredients with ice, strain into a cocktail glass, and serve. Another cocktail by the same name is made of: 1 part gin, 1 part light rum, 1 part Cointreau, 1 part lemon juice. Shake with crushed ice and strain into a chilled wine or cocktail glass. Garnish with a lemon twist.
Mai Tai - The Maitai is a well-known cocktail purportedly invented at the Trader Vic restaurant in Oakland, California in 1944. Trader Vic's amicable rival, Don the Beachcomber, claimed to have created it first in 1933 at his own newly opened little bar (later a famous restaurant) in Hollywood. The Beachcomber's recipe is far more complicated than that of the Trader's and tastes quite different. Maitai is the Tahitian word for "good". The Trader Vic story of its invention is that the Trader (Victor J. Bergeron) created it one afternoon for some friends who were visiting from Tahiti. One of them tasted it and cried out: "Maitai roa!" ("Very good!") Hence the name. The first three of the following Maitai recipes are provided by Trader Vic's to The Search for the Ultimate Mai Tai website.Recipe 1: The Original Trader Vic Formula - 1944: 2 oz (60 mL) of 17-year old J. Wray and Nephew Rum over shaved ice. Add juice from one fresh lime. ½ oz (15 mL) Holland DeKuyper Orange Curaçao, ¼ oz (7.5 mL) Trader Vic's Rock Candy Syrup. ½ oz (15 mL) French Garnier Orgeat Syrup. Shake vigorously. Add a sprig of fresh mint. Recipe 2: "Old Way" Trader Vic Maitai Formula - 1997: 1 oz (30 mL) Fine Jamaican rum (15 or 8 year old), 1 oz (30 mL) Martinique rum (St. James), ½ oz (15 mL) Orange Curaçao, ½ ounce (15 mL) Orgeat Syrup, juice from one fresh lime (about ¾ oz[20 mL]). Mix and serve as in the original formula. Recipe 3: Today's Trader Vic Maitai (This recipe is very close to what Trader Vic's restaurants apparently serve.): 2 oz (60 mL) light rum, 1 oz (30 mL) triple sec, ½ oz (15 mL) lime juice, ½ oz (15 mL) Orgeat syrup, ½ tsp (2.5 mL) grenadine, maraschino cherry, pineapple. Shake all the ingredients in a shaker with ice and strain into an old fashioned glass over crushed ice. Garnish with fruits and serve with a straw. Recipe 4: Don the Beachcomber Maitai: This version is much closer to what Don the Beachcomber served in his restaurants. It can be garnished with various fruits, as in the above recipe. Falernum, which is now difficult to obtain in the United States except from a single supplier in Seattle, is a flavored Caribbean syrup with a very different taste from the Orgeat syrup used in the Maitai 1. Ingredients: 2 oz (60 mL) water, ¾ oz (20 mL) fresh lime juice, 1 oz (30 mL) fresh grapefruit juice, 1 oz (30 mL) sugar syrup, 1 oz (30 mL) dark rum, 1½ oz (20 mL) golden rum, ½ oz (15 mL) Cointreau or triple sec, ¼ oz (7.5 mL) Falernum syrup, 2 dashes or scant ½ tsp Angostura bitters, 1 dash or scant ¼ tsp Pernod or other anisette-flavoured pastis. Shake all the ingredients in a shaker with ice and strain into a tall highball glass filled with crushed ice. Garnish with fruits and serve with a straw. Recipe 5: Pineapple Variation Maitai: 4 oz (120 mL) orange juice, 4 oz (120 mL) pineapple juice, 1 oz (30 mL) lime juice, 1 oz (30 mL) dark rum, 1 oz (30 mL) light rum, 1 oz (30 mL) triple sec, ½ oz (15 mL) grenadine.
Manhattan - There are any number of variations to this drink, but two of the more popular recipes are The Original Manhattan and The Perfect Manhattan. Classic Manhattan: 1½ shots (45 mL) bourbon (quality counts up to a point. Something like Early Times is quite adequate.)⅓ shot (10 mL) sweet vermouth (quality really counts here and most domestics are out.) 2 shakes of bitters, 1 tbl (15 mL) cherry juice. Garnish with Cherry. Serve up in stemware or on the rocks. The Original Manhattan: 1 shot bourbon (30 mL), ¼ shot (7.5 mL) sweet vermouth, dash bitters. Stir ingredients in a large glass with ice. Strain into chilled cocktail glass and garnish with a maraschino cherry. The Perfect Manhattan: 1 shot bourbon, ¼ shot sweet vermouth, dash bitters, rinse dry vermouth. Stir whiskey, sweet vermouth and bitters in a large glass with ice. Rinse chilled cocktail glass with dry vermouth (pour only a little in the glass, swirl it around and pour it out). Strain chilled ingredients into cocktail glass and garnish with a lemon twist. If someone requests it extra dry you could use no vermouth at all.
Man Juice - Can be made individually or in bulk, preferably the latter.Bulk- dump half to one full bags of ice in large pot or kettle. Pour in one case of Natural Ice beer, one handle of vodka, and one to one and a half gallon mixers of Kool-Aid for flavor. Stir and serve. Single- pour a single serving amount of Kool-Aid in a glass or cup; add one shot of vodka and one can of Natural Ice.
Margarita - See Bartending/Cocktails/Margarita for details. Common Margarita ratios: 50 % tequila, 25 % Triple Sec, 25 % fresh lime juice; 50 % tequila, double as much Triple Sec than fresh lime juice; 60 % tequila, 20 % Triple Sec, 20 % fresh lime juice; 33 % tequila, 33 % Triple Sec, 33 % fresh lime juice.
Maria Teresa - 4 oz (120 mL) of orange juice, 2 oz (60 mL) of orange liqueur (such as Cointreau, triple sec or Grand Marnier), 1 oz (30 mL) of grenadine, 1 oz (30 mL) of lime juice. The preferred way to make a Maria Teresa is to combine all of the ingredients in a shaker, shake with ice, and strain into a sugar-rimmed glass. The Maria Teresa is named after a Grand Duchess of Luxembourg.
Martini - 1 measure (30 mL) dry vermouth, 5 measures (150 mL) gin, 2 olives. Pour a small splash of vermouth in the shaker. Add gin to the mix. Melted ice will bring the liquid content up to 3 oz (90 mL) total. Prepare as a stirred cocktail. Mixing a Martini is a trying task, as it is difficult to measure out just enough vermouth. Harvard suggests using a metal shaker and rimming the full edge with the liquid. This means pouring in enough that the liquid coats the bottom of the shaker, but doesn't start to fill it. A dry Martini can be made by rimming half the shaker, leaving part of the bottom untouched by vermouth; and an extra dry Martini is done by splashing a little vermoth in the shaker, swirling it around, and dumping it back out before adding the gin. Reference: The Official Harvard Student Agencies Bartending Course, Third Edition, ISBN 0-312-25286-2.
Maude - 2 oz (60 mL) vodka, ginger ale, a splash of grenadine, and a garnish of two maraschino cherries. Served on the rocks. It is named after the character played by Bea Arthur on the 1970s sitcom Maude, and is found mainly in bars catering to gay men.
Michelada - Very popular Mexican cocktail. Preparation differs from state to state. This recipe is in the San Luis Potosí/Cuernavaca style: 355 mL beer (any kind will do), 120 mL Clamato (Clam-Tomato cocktail; optional, but highly recommended), 1 or 2 lemons, Worcestershire Sauce, maggi juice, Black-Label Valentina Sauce (hard to get for people outside of Mexico), salt, pepper, chilled beer mug, ice. Have a beer mug chilled, then frost it with salt and lemon. Pour in about 25 to 35 mL of Valentina Sauce. Squeeze in your lemons. Add some Worcestershire sauce, then the Maggi juice. Now, salt and pepper to taste, then stir. Add your 120 mL of Clamato, then keep stirring. Finally, pour in your beer while you keep stirring. Add some ice if you like. There's no secret for mixing the best Michelada, it must suit your taste. If you want to make liter-sized Micheladas, you need to vary proportionally the quantity of ingredients shown in this table. But then again, it must please you. It's some sort of acquired taste. You must not replace the Valentina sauce with some other kind of sauce (say, Tabasco). It won't taste the same.
Mickey Mouse - 3 oz (90 mL) tomato juice, 1 dash lemon juice, ½ tsp (2.5 mL) Worcestershire sauce, 2-3 drops Tabasco sauce, 1 wedge lime, ice cubes. Shake all ingredients (except lime wedge) with ice and strain into an old-fashioned glass over ice cubes. Add salt and pepper to taste. Add the wedge of lime and serve.
Midnight Baya - This drink was created in Kissimmee, Florida by Brent M. Farmer in 2006. It is a variation of the traditional mojito that substitutes the lime with blueberries and blackberries, and regular clear rum with vanilla flavor rum. 4-6 blueberries, 4-6 blackberries, 6-9 mint leaves (optional), sugar (optional), 1 part vanilla flavored rum, 3 parts club soda, and 3-4 raspberries. Place the blueberries and blackberries into a shaker, muddle them well with a pestle, add the vanilla rum and fill the shaker with ice, then shake well (up to 30 times). Afterwards, pour it through a strainer (to filter out the berry skins) into a tall ice filled glass, top it with the club soda, stir and garnish with raspberries. Mint leaves can be added for a more traditional mojito flavor and sugar for extra sweetness.
Midnight Cowboy - 2 oz (60 mL) bourbon, 1 oz (30 mL) dark rum, ½ oz (15 mL) heavy cream. Can be shaken with ice and strained into a cocktail glass, or served on the rocks.
Midori Sour - There are a number of different cocktail recipes with the name "Midori Sour". The below is one variant of this. Combine in a glass equal quantities of the following ingredients in this order (double shots are suggested, but other amounts are also usable): Midori, chambord, lime juice (note: not lime cordial as this is not generally bitter enough). The sweet tastes of the Midori and the chambord combine with the bitterness of the lime juice to create a unique drink.
Mimosa - 6/10 chilled champagne, 4/10 orange juice (Simply Orange or freshly-squeezed is preferred). Pour orange juice into a champagne flute, then add champagne.
Mint Julep - 2.5 oz (75 mL) bourbon whiskey, 3 tsp (15 mL) simple syrup, sprig of mint. Muddle mint leaves and syrup in glass. Add shaved or crushed ice and then Bourbon. Garnish with a whole sprig of mint. Another variation, courtesy of Alton Brown: Muddle ten mint leaves and 1 ½ teaspoons (7.5 mL) of superfine sugar (which can be made by pulsing sugar in a food processor) until you've got a paste. Add a splash of seltzer water, and mix with the muddled mint. Then fill the glass about ¾ with ice. Add 2 ½ oz (75 mL) bourbon, and finish with a splash of seltzer water. Garnish with mint, and serve.
Mojito (pronounced mo-HEE-toe) is a traditional Cuban cocktail which became quite popular in the United States during the late 1890s. For details and variations on the recipe, see Bartending/Cocktails/Mojito. As an example, this is this is how they prepare Mojitos at "La Bodeguita del Medio": 1 tsp (5 mL) of sugar, ¼ oz (7.5 mL) fresh lime juice, 2 mint sprigs (not a forest!), crush gently, add 1½ oz (45 mL) white Cuban rum, add ice cubes, add 2 oz (60 mL) soda water. Stir well, garnish with a sprig of mint. The mint leaves should be gently bruised with a muddler or similar implement in the bottom of an empty tall glass. add the sugar and lime, and then the rum. Fill the glass with ice cubes. Mix everything together and top the glass with soda (club soda).
Molotov Cocktail - ½ shot (15 mL) Vodka (cheap vodka is best, meant to burn going down), ½ shot (15 mL) Everclear (151 can be used but it would change the flavour). Fill with vodka. Add Everclear (or 151). Ignite, blow out and slam shot. Non-flaming variant: ½ shot (15 mL) vodka, ½ shot (15 mL) Everclear (or 151), splash of Red Hot (or Tabasco), pinch of chili powder. Layer into shot glass with Red Hot on top. Sprinkle with chili powder. Slam shot. Be careful not to rub eyes afterwards.
Montgomery - The Montgomery Cocktail is a very dry Martini: 15 parts gin to 1 part vermouth dry. It is named after Fieldmarshall Viscount Montgomery of Alamein. Churchill once said Montgomery needed a superiority of 15:1 to risk an attack.
Moonraker - 1½ oz (45 mL) tequila, 4 oz (120 mL) pineapple juice, ½ oz (15 mL) Blue Curaçao liqueur. Mix tequila and pineapple juice in a highball glass with ice. Drop the Blue Curaçao into the center of the drink and serve.
Moscow Mule - 2 oz (60 mL) lime juice, 2 oz (60 mL) vodka, 8 oz (240 mL) ginger ale. Mix all the above ingredients in a highball glass with ice.
Mountain Meister - 1 part Jägermeister , 2 parts Mountain Dew, more or less to taste. Typically served in an 8 oz (240 mL) highball glass.
Mudslide - 1 part vodka, 1 part Kahlúa, 1 part coffee liqueur, 1 part milk, ice. Put all ingredients in blender and blend for 30 seconds.
Mulled Red Wine - 2 oz (60 mL) sugar syrup, 750 mL bottle Bordeaux (red), 1 pt (500 mL) ruby port, 1 cup (250 mL) brandy, 7 whole cloves, several cinnamon sticks, ½ tsp (2.5 mL) grated nutmeg, lemon peel. Dissolve sugar in a flaming pan. Add ingredients and mix on low heat. Serve when hot. Serves about 10.
Naga - 1 part gin, 1 part blue curaçao, 1 part creme de cacao (dark), 1 part lime cordial, ice. Mix the ingredients into a whisky glass and top with ice.
Naughty Shirley Temple - 1-2 shots (30-60 mL) vodka, 1 oz (30 mL) grenadine, 1 tbsp (15 mL) lime juice, ice, ½ glass orange juice, ½ glass lemon-lime soda. Place three to four ice cubes, just one more than will fit without stacking, in a highball glass. Pour the grenadine over the ice, then the lime juice. Add the vodka. Fill just over half way with orange juice, then add an equal amount of lemon-lime soda. Sip or drink in reverse with a straw. A non-virgin variation of the virgin drink, Shirley Temple.Negroni
Nuclear Wessel - 1 part scotch, 3 parts vodka, 1 part Jägermeister. The Wessel is a rather finicky drink to mix- The vodka and the Jägermeister should be chilled, but the scotch warmed. First put down one part of the vodka, then the scotch, then another part of vodka, then the Jägermeister, then finally the last bit of vodka. Shake with crushed ice and serve cold.
Oatmeal Cookie - An Oatmeal Cookie is a shooter made of equal parts Baileys Irish Cream, butterscotch and cinnamon schnapps and Jägermeister. Mix equal parts of all liquors (¼ oz (7.5 mL) each for one shot) into a shaker. Shake thoroughly. Pour into a shot glass. Can also be made without Jägermeister.
Old Fashioned - A recipe with many variations, almost always featuring bourbon and sugar. Add slice of orange, tsp of sugar (5 mL) or simple syrup, maraschino cherry (without stem) and two dashes of Angostura bitters to bottom of an Old Fashioned glass. Fill glass with ice. Add 2 oz (60 mL) bourbon and stir. Serve with stir or short straw. An Old Fashioned glass is similar to a bucket or tumbler. This drink is sometimes ordered as a call. On occasion Southern Comfort, Scotch, or various Rye whiskies may be desired.
One-Balled Dictator - 1 part good champagne, 5 parts cheap liebfraumilch. Shake the concoction very violently but for a short duration, then pour into a "rocks" type glass. Before drinking, add one cinnamon ball, the type found in bags of bulk candy. You now have a One-Balled Dictator. A splash of Galliano liqueur added just before shaking will create a Mussolini. One-Balled Dictator is a wine cocktail drunk by World War II veterans. The name is seen by some as a little unorthodox, yet is still seen as a reasonably tasty drink. Symbolism: The combination of the milky-white liebfraumilch with the champagne will produce a very white drink, where the German very quickly overwhelms the French. The wide-mouthed rocks glass provides breathing room for the drink, which has only one ball. Taken together, this is clearly a joke reference to Adolf Hitler, who, after the invasion of Poland, took over France in a very successful and fast way, through the "lightning war" or blitzkrieg, during the early years of World War II. The reference to Hitler's "one ball" comes from the lyrics to a crude song sung by British soldiers, to the tune of the Colonel Bogey March. Although the symbolism renders this primarily a joke recipe, the actual drink produced is unique and quite pleasant. The fiery taste of the cinnamon gives an interesting contrast to the "cooler" flavour of the white wines. This drink originated in Cincinnati, Ohio in the late 1940s, concocted by veteran members of the US 82nd Airborne Division.
One-five-one (151) proof rum - A rum which is 75% alcohol. Quite flammable as the warnings on the bottle declare.
Paloma - 120 mL silver (white) tequila, 240 mL grapefruit flavoured soda, a twist of lemon, salt and a small dish for frosting. Chill a high glass. Twist some lemon juice on the mouth of the glass and turn it upside-down into a salt-filled dish to create the frosting. Add some ice. Pour the tequila first, then the grapefruit soda. Stir as needed, then decorate with a lemon rind. Alternative: Instead of using silver tequila, you could use rested (reposado) variation. It gives a more "wooden" texture to the experience. Its name translates as "dove".
Pan Galactic Gargle Blaster - The Pan Galactic Gargle Blaster is a fictional alcoholic drink which is mentioned in Douglas Adams' humorous science fiction radio series, novels, computer game, movie, comic book mini-series, and television series The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy. See Bartending/Cocktails/Pan Galactic Gargle Blaster for details.
Pearl Harbor - 1 oz (30 mL) Midori, ½ oz (15 mL) vodka, fill glass with pineapple juice, 1 slice pineapple, 1 piece cherry. Pour the Midori and vodka in a cocktail glass, and then fill with pineapple juice. Garnish with a slice of pineapple and a cherry. Sit down and enjoy.
Pimm's No. 1 Cup - 1½ oz (45 mL) Pimm's No. 1, juice of ¼ lemon, ginger ale. Build in an ice filled highball glass. Garnish with a cucumber slice, lemon slice and mint sprig.Pimm's Cup was invented in 1840 along with Pimm's No.1. It was served exclusively at Mr. Pimm's Oyster bar in London.
Piña Colada - 2 oz (60 mL) rum, 3 oz (90 mL) pineapple juice or crushed pineapple with juice, 2 oz (60 mL) coconut milk. Combine all ingredients in a blender. Mix until ice is crushed to a slushy consistency. Pour into a piña colada glass. Garnish with a pineapple slice. The piña colada originated from Puerto Rico.
Pink Gin - 1 dash Angostura bitters, 40 mL gin. Add a few drops of Angostura bitters to the glass, then pour in the gin. Add an ice cube and top up with tap water to taste.
Pink Snowman - 8 oz (250 mL) orange juice, 10 oz (300 mL) frozen strawberries, 2 large scoops vanilla ice cream, 1 smaller scoop vanilla ice cream. Blend without ice. Blend with 2 scoops of ice cream and serve with the third. Reference: The Official Harvard Student Agencies Bartending Course, Third Edition, ISBN 0-312-25286-2.
Pink Sock - 1½ oz (45 mL) vodka, ½ oz (15 mL) triple sec, ⅓ oz (10 mL) lime juice, 1½ oz (45 mL) strawberry orange juice, splash chambord. Shake all of the ingredients except for the Chambord over ice and pour into a Martini glass. Then add the chambord to the glass and allow it to sink to the bottom. The Pink Sock is a weak, sweet strawberry orange Cosmopolitan with a raspberry sinker.
Pink Squirrel - The Pink Squirrel is a frozen cocktail made of 1 oz (30 mL) Creme de Noyaux, 1 oz (30 mL) Creme de Cacao, 1 oz (30 mL) Half and half, 2 scoops of vanilla ice cream. Blend with ice. Serve.
Planter's Punch - 2 jiggers (90 mL) Jamaica rum, 1 jigger (45 mL) lime juice, ½ jigger (20 mL) simple syrup, ice. Shake well and pour into tall glass with ice. Decorate with fruit.
Pope's Penis - 1 shot (25 mL) of tequila and 1 shot (25 mL) of Malibu are poured over ice and the (highball) glass is then filled with a fruit juice and blackcurrant. There are 2 main variants: Benedict - uses apple juice; John Paul - uses cranberry juice. To have the penis Ordained is to add of a slice of lemon.
Porn Star - ½ ounce (15 mL) Blue Curaçao (or ½ ounce [15 mL] Bols Blue), ½ ounce (15 mL) Raspberry Sourpuss.
Prairie Fire - ½ oz (15 mL) Bacardi 151, ½ oz (15 mL) Tabasco sauce. Pour in shot glass. Chaser highly advised. Alternative recipe: 1 oz (30 mL) tequila, dash Tabasco sauce. This is sometimes not a drink which is meant to be enjoyed. It is most often purchased and given to an unsuspecting friend as a prank, much like the Cement Mixer.
Prairie Oyster - 1 whole raw egg yolk, 1 tsp (5 mL) Worcestershire sauce, 1 tbsp (15 mL) tomato juice, a dash of pepper, 2 dashes of vinegar. The ingredients should be carefully poured into a glass so as to not break the yolk, tradition holds that one should also not break it in the act of drinking the cocktail. Other recipes call for the inclusion of varying quantities of vinegar, tomato juice, brandy, wine or various spices. The pepper helps kill the bad taste of the eggs. A Prairie Oyster is a mixed drink intended as a morning hangover remedy. An episode of the anime Cowboy Bebop entitled "Heavy Metal Queen" featured references to the unappetising nature of a Prairie Oyster as a hangover remedy as a plot element.
Pregnancy Test - 1½ oz (45 mL) vodka, ½ oz (15 mL) triple sec, ⅓ oz (20 mL) lime juice, splash chambord. Shake all of the ingredients except for the Chambord over ice and pour into a Martini glass. Then add the chambord to the glass and allow it to sink to the bottom. The Pregnancy Test is a citrus Martini with a raspberry sinker.
Prince of Wales - ¾ oz (20 mL) Madeira wine, ¾ oz (20 mL) brandy, ¼ oz (7.5 mL) orange curaçao, 1 dash Angostura bitters. Shake ingredients in iced cocktail shaker. Strain into cocktail glass. Fill glass with champagne. Add orange slice.
Punch - Add sherbet to chilled ginger ale; Summer Cup: wash and hull a large punnet of strawberries and put them in a large bowl with 100 mL of gin and 50 mL of Cointreau. Allow them to soak for a while. Add plenty of ice, and a bottle of medium dry white sparkling wine. Top up with at least 500 mL of soda water to taste. Serve in long tall glasses with a sprig of mint. Typical alcoholic punch generally contains cask wine, Passion Pop or similar, juice, soft drink, cordial and vodka.
PVB2 - ½ shot love, 1/8th shot tequila, 1/8th shot blueberry vodka, 1/8th bacardi razz, 1/8th big juicy
QF - A three-layered shot: first layer - Kahlúa; second layer: Bailey's; third layer - Midori.
Radler - beer and a soft drink, mostly carbonated and orange or lemon flavoured, in South Eastern Germany (Bavaria) and adjacent provinces. It is refreshing, and its alcohol content is low, depending on the beer's alcohol content as it is normally mixed 1:1. There is however enough alcohol to provide a momentary surplus energy which might be a clue for the word's etymology: to be the beverage of cyclists as it does not make them drunk but makes the most of the alcohol it contains.
Ramos Gin Fizz - 2 ounces (60 mL) gin, 3 drops orange flower water, 1 egg whites, 1 teaspoon (5 mL) bar sugar, 1 ounce (30 mL) lemon juice, ½ ounce (15 mL) lime juice, 1 ounce (30 mL) cream, soda water to taste. Shake very vigorously for at least one minute. Strain into a tall thin glass, or a very large old fashioned glass, and top with some soda water. Stir.
Red Headed Slut - Equal parts Jagermiester and Peach Schnapps ( usually ¾ OZ) and 1 oz of cranberry juice. Shaken with ice strained and served in a rocks glass. Taken as a shot.
Rene - Vodka, club soda, lime. The ingredients are served over ice with a slice or wedge of lime squeezed into the drink. The proportions may be varied to make a stronger or weaker cocktail. It is most often made using 1 part vodka to 3 parts club soda, but if a stronger Rene is desired, use equal parts of vodka and club soda. The Rene is low in carbohydrates when compared with many other mixed drinks. Its refreshingly light taste makes it a natural favourite during the warmer months of the year.
Ricky Bobby - 1 oz Dr. McGillicuddy's Cherry Schnapps; 3 oz Mike's Hard Lemonade - Serve in a Bomb Cup (plastic cup with center shot), or place a shotglass inside a lowball glass. Fill the shotglass with Cherry McGillicuddy's and pour the Mike's Lemonade around it, just a little higher than the center shot so the red bleeds slightly into the drink. If ingredients are chilled, there's no need to use a shaker. Invented at the American Legion in Hugo, Minnesota in 2007 by Rick (Erik Robert) Anderson. The drink was named by Pete Linaman.
Roadrunner - 1 part Tia Maria, 1 part Grand Marnier. Usually served with a slice of orange.
Rob Roy - 1 part Italian red vermouth,2 parts scotch whiskey. Stirred not shaken.
Rolls Royce - 1½ oz (45 mL) gin, ½ oz (15 mL) each sweet vermouth and dry vermouth, and 1 tsp (5 mL) Benedictine, stirred with ice and strained into a cocktail glass.
Romulan Ale - "Classic" recipe: 1 part 151 proof rum, 1 part Everclear or absolute (190 proof), 1 part blue curaçao. "Lighter" recipe: 1 part 151 proof rum, 1 part 100 proof vodka, 1 part blue curaçao. Romulan Ale is somewhat popular in collegiate circles, especially among fraternities that encourage drinking of very strong alcoholic beverages at social functions. It is named after the blue-coloured Star Trek series drink Romulan Ale, from the Romulan Empire, that is illegal in Federation-controlled territory, but oft consumed by Star Fleet officers when there is a call for a lightening of mood. Different recipes call for different spirits to be mixed, but generally the strongest of rum, vodka or pure grain alcohol, and blue-coloured orange-flavoured liqueurs are used.
Root Beer Float - A combination of Root Beer Vodka and Irish Cream. Originally made with one part Root Beer Vodka to one part Bailey's Irish Cream.
Rossini - A combination of puréed strawberries and sparkling wine. A common recipe specifies one part strawberry purée for two parts wine. The strawberry mixture may be passed through a sieve in order to remove seeds, if desired.
Rude Cosmopolitan - 1½ oz (45 mL) tequila, ½ oz (15 mL) triple sec, 1 oz (30 mL) cranberry juice, 4 fresh limes (squeezed). Shake with ice and finely strain into a Martini glass. Garnish with flamed orange rind. A regular Cosmopolitan - just substitute vodka for tequila.
Rum And Cola - 1.5 oz (45 mL) rum in a tall glass, filled with ice. Top with coke and stir. Garnish with a lemon slice.
Rum Swizzle - 2 oz (60 mL) dark rum, 1 oz (30 mL) lime juice, 1 oz (30 mL) pineapple juice, 1 oz (30 mL) orange juice, ¼ oz (7.5 mL) falernum (a juice). Shake with ice. Strain into a highball glass filled with ice. Garnish with a slice of orange and a cherry. The entire concoction is, of course, to be stirred with the Swizzle Stick. The Swizzle stick was invented by the Swizzle Inn in Bermuda. Their signature drink was, of course, the Swizzle.
Rusty Nail - 1 shot (30 mL) blended scotch, 1 shot (30 mL) drambuie. Pour drambuie over ice. Follow with scotch and give it a quick stir.
Safe Sex On The Beach - ¾ oz (20 mL) of peach creme, 2 oz (60 mL) orange juice, 2 oz (60 mL) cranberry. Mix ingredients and pour over ice in a juice glass. Safe sex on the beach is a non-alcoholic variant of the highball cocktail Sex on the beach.
Sake Bomb - Drop 1 shot sake into 1 glass of beer. Drink quickly. For added visual appeal, take two chopsticks, put them on top of the beer glass separate enough that the shot glass just barely sits on them. Then pound the table near the glass; the chopsticks will separate further and shot glass will fall into the beer glass.
Saketini - 2 ½ oz (75 mL) gin or vodka, 1½ tsp (7.5 mL) sake, 1 cocktail olive. In a mixing glass half-filled with ice cubes, combine the gin or vodka with the sake. Stir well. Strain into a cocktail glass. Garnish with the olive.
Sangria - Liquids: 50% wine, 25% orange juice, 12.5% Sprite/7up, 12.5% Tango Tropical, 1 bottle of grapefruit liquor for every 30 litres. Solids: 1 500 g tin pineapple, 3 tins peach, 4 oranges, 3 limes, 2 lemons, 2-3 applies, half a sweet melon. It is recommend to add 750 mL of liquor for every 30 litres, some Cointreau or brandy, but when money is short then "generic" vodka would do. Remember, in a good sangria, there is never too much fruit. So, if in doubt, go for it. And in the end, ice is always a good idea so remember to buy it the day before and add it 10 or 15 minutes before the party starts. To prepare the sangria you'll need half a day or so, but the preparation shouldn't take more than an hour. Start by cutting all the fruits, pealing the citrics but leaving the apples skin on. Then pour all the wine in a container and all the fruits in with the wine. Add the sugar to taste (this would depend on how many fruits you had) and some cinnamon (be generous). Then leave to rest for 4-6 hours so that the wine soaks all the fruits and all the sugar dissolves well. Just before the party starts, add the rest of the liquids and ice.[27]
Sangrita - 2 cups (500 mL) freshly-squeezed orange juice, 3 tbsps (45 mL) grenadine, ¼ tsp (1 mL) chili powder (to taste), 1 cup (250 mL) tomato juice (optional), 3 tsps (15 mL) salt, 1½ oz (45 mL) tequila. Pour tequila into a glass over ice cubes, mix the rest of the ingredients together and add to the tequila. Garnish with a lime wedge. Sangrita is a tequila based drink that is popular in the home state of tequila, Jalisco. There are many variations. Alternative Entry: 2 cups (500 mL) tomato juice, 1 cup (250 mL) orange juice, ¼ cup (60 mL) lime juice, 2 tsp (10 mL) Hot Sauce (tabasco), 2 tsp (10 mL) minced onion, 2 tsp (10 mL) Worcestershire sauce, cracked pepper, celery, salt and seasoned salt to taste. Shake very well, strain, and refrigerate.
Satan's Whiskers - ½ oz (15 mL) gin, ½ oz (15 mL) dry vermouth, ½ oz (15 mL) sweet vermouth, ½ oz (15 mL) fresh-squeezed orange juice, ¼ oz (7.5 mL) Grand Marnier, 1 dash orange bitters. Shake all ingredients with ice and strain into a cocktail glass. Garnish with a twist of orange peel. Satan's Whiskers is a more florid variation of the Bronx cocktail. The variation above has "straight" whiskers. For the "curled" variety, substitute ¼ oz (7.5 mL) orange curaçao in place of the Grand Marnier, and increase the orange bitters to ¼ oz.(7.5 mL)[28]
Sazerac - 2 oz (60 mL) rye whiskey (Old Overholt is the predominant brand in New Orleans, but Jim Beam and Wild Turkey also make a Rye), 1 tbsp (15 mL) Simple Syrup (granulated sugar dissolved in boiling water, thicker is better), 6 dashes of Peychaud's Bitters (there is no substitute, seriously), 6 dashes of absinthe (Herbsaint/Pernod is an acceptable substitute). Chill (or even freeze) a double old fashioned glass or tumbler. (Avoid using ice to chill the glass, because it makes the sides of the glass too watery for the Herbsaint.) Coat the inside of the glass with the Herbsaint. Roll the glass so that it doesn't puddle in the bottom. Add the rye, simple syrup and bitters with a splash of water.
Screaming Orgasm - ½ oz (15 mL) vodka, ½ oz (15 mL) amaretto, ½ oz (15 mL) triple sec, ½ oz (15 mL) white creme de cacao, 1 oz (30 mL) light cream. Shake all of the ingredients into a cocktail shaker with ice, then strain it into a cocktail glass. Alternative style: 1 oz (30 mL) vodka, ¾ oz (20 mL) Kahlúa, ½ oz (15 mL) amaretto, ½ oz (15 mL) Bailey's Irish Cream. Decorate with hazelnuts. Add all ingredients into a lowball glass. Related Drinks: The Multiple Screaming Orgasm contains half ounces of Baileys Irish Cream, Kahlúa and light rum instead of triple sec and creme de cacao, and is generally mixed with ice into a Collins glass. As an option, ½ oz (15 mL) Godiva Chocolate Liqueur may be added.
Screwdriver - 2 measures (60 mL) vodka, 4 ½ (130 mL) measures orange juice. Mix both the ingredients in a highball glass with ice. Garnish with a slice of orange. It is said to have been named by American oil-rig workers in the Middle East who opened and stirred cans of this beverage with their screwdrivers.
Sea Breeze - 2 cups (500 mL) vodka, 2 cups (500 mL) grapefruit juice, 1½ cups (375 mL) cranberry juice, 1 lime (cut in eighths), 1 cup (250 mL) soda water (optional). Combine in a pitcher. Makes about 10 10-oz (300 mL) drinks. Reference: Young and Hungry.
Seaside-Summerbliss - 2 parts red wine, 3 parts sweet non-alcoholic apple cider. Red wine first, then the cider.[29]
Serbian Guerilla Fighter - ⅓ oz (10 mL) pear brandy (Kruskovac), ⅓ oz (10 mL) plum brandy (Slivovitz), ⅓ oz (10 mL) Yukon Jack. Yukon first, Kruskovac middle, Slivovica on top. Light, blow out and drink.
Sex on the Beach - 2 oz (60 mL) vodka, 1 oz (30 mL) peach schnapps or chambord, splash of orange juice, splash of cranberry juice. The juice content can be modified to suit the individual. Alternative recipe: 1 oz (30 mL) peach schnapps, 1 oz (30 mL) vodka, 2 oz (60 mL) orange juice, 2 oz (60 mL) pineapple juice, 2 oz (60 mL) cranberry juice.
Sex with an Alligator - ½ oz (15 mL) melon liqueur, ½ splash sweet and sour mix, ½ oz (15 mL) raspberry liqueur, ½ oz (15 mL) Jägermeister. Pour melon liqueur and sweet and sour mix into a shot or pousse-cafe glass. Sink raspberry liqueur onto the side of the glass, and top with jager. Properly made, this shot will consist of 3 layers. Reference: DrinkStreet.com
Sexy Alligator - Layered Shot. Tanqueray and sweet and sour. Razzmatazz on bottom and jagermeister on top.
Shandy Gaff - A Shandy Gaff is a variant of the shandy. It is made of equal parts ginger beer and beer. "Jamaican Style" ginger beer is generally preferred, but difficult to purchase in many areas. The beer is best added last, to avoid spillage.
Shirley Temple - 1 dash grenadine, white soda to fill, 1 cherry. Build as a highball. This drink is layered. the grenadine is made to lie at the bottom and the soda at the top, as with water and oil. Reference: The Official Harvard Student Agencies Bartending Course, Third Edition, ISBN 0-312-25286-2. Alternative: 4 oz (120 mL) lemon-lime soda or ginger ale and 2 oz (60 mL) orange juice can be used. Club soda may substitute for lemon-lime soda. The grenadine may be sprinkled over top, especially in variations involving juice. This cocktail may be garnished with a slice of lemon and a cherry. Some variations specify filling a glass completely with ice and then mixing however much of the ingredients will fit; others specify only a little ice. Named after the actress of the same name.
Shot Train - Line up six shots of different alcoholics content in descending order. Drink quickly. For added visual appeal, set the first shot, which should be over 70% alcohol, on fire. Typically this is used as a drinking game, racing other opponents to finish the row of shots.
Sidecar - 1 oz (30 mL) cognac, 1 oz (30 mL) lemon juice, 1 oz (30 mL) Cointreau or triple sec. Shake with ice, and then strain into a cocktail glass. Sugar rim on the glass. See Bartending/Cocktails/Sidecar for details.
Silver Bullet - 40 mL gin, 20 mL Jägermeister, 10 mL fresh lemon juice, There are various variations of this recipe, however. Some use whisky or kümmel instead of Jägermeister, others use different amounts of the main ingredients.
Silver Gin Fizz - Juice of ½ lemon, juice of ½ lime (optional), 1 tbsp (15 mL) powdered sugar (or less, to taste), 1 egg white, 2 oz (60 mL) gin, chilled soda water. Shake juice, sugar, egg and gin with ice. Then shake it some more. Once you are warn out, strain into a Fizz or Highball glass (don't put any ice in the glass). Top the frothy mix with a few ounces of cold soda water.
Silver Surfer - The Silver Surfer cocktail was invented in York, UK, by Christopher Pitt and offers a strong blend of flavours based on Tequila, Rum and Vodka.
Singapore Sling - 1½ oz (45 mL) gin, ½ oz (15 mL) Peter Cherry Heering, ¼ oz (7.5 mL) Cointreau, ¼ oz (7.5 mL) Benedictine, 2 oz (60 mL) pineapple juice, dash of Angostura bitters, 2 dashes grenadine, ½ fresh lime juice, club soda (optional), orange slice (for garnish), cherry (for garnish). Shake all ingredient (except soda) and strain into highball glass. Top with soda. Garnish with orange slice and cherry. Ngiam Tong Boon, bartender at Raffles Hotel, Singapore, created this drink in 1915. Originally created for women, this cocktail has become popular among both sexes. The recipe varies from book to book, listed is the original recipe from Raffles. An alternative is simply dash grenadine, 1 oz (30 mL) gin, ½ oz (15 mL) cherry brandy, orange juice and bar mix to fill the glass. Top with orange and a cherry.
Slippery Nipple - ½ shot (15 mL) butterscotch schnapps in a shot glass, ½ shot (15 mL) Bailey's Irish Cream on top. Alternative: 1 part white Sambuca, 1 part Baileys.
Sloe Gin Fizz - 1 oz. (30 mL) sloe gin, 2 oz (60 mL) sour mix. Fill with soda. Cherry garnish. Same as Tom Collins, substitute gin with sloe gin. Alternative: 1 part sloe gin, 1 part gin, .75 part fresh lemon juice, 1 part simple syrup, 3-4 parts soda water.
Smoove B - 12 oz (350 mL) horchata (a Mexican rice beverage), 4 oz (120 mL) Kahlúa. Mix in tumbler and serve. Named after the Onion columnist of the same name.
Snakebite - Equal measures lager and cider, served in a pint glass. Snakebite and Black is Snakebite with a shot of blackcurrant cordial in it. Snakebite is said to congeal if left overnight.
Snowshoe - 3 parts bourbon, 1 part peppermint schnapps. Pour over ice. The key is to only add the schnapps until there is a hint of mint flavour. Other recipes give equal ratios of schnapps to bourbon, but the bourbon gets clobbered by the overwhelming peppermint flavour, and it tastes like bourbon-flavoured Scope.
Southern Peach - 1 oz Southern Comfort, ½ oz. Peach Schnapps & ½ oz. AmarettoAdd a splash of sprite (optional), for a full drink, use sour and Sprite.
Soviet - 1.5 oz (45 mL) vodka, ½ oz (15 mL) dry vermouth, ½ oz (15 mL) Amontillado, lemon peel. Shake all ingredients (except lemon peel) with ice, pour in a glass over ice cubes. Add the twist of lemon peel and serve.
Space Shuttle - 35 mL measure Teachers whisky, one can 7up, crushed ice, Tabasco (optional). Take a rocks glass and sprinkle crushed ice into the bottom of the glass. Pour 35 mL measure of Teachers whisky on top, rim glass with ice-cube, and pour 7up into glass until approx. ¾ full. Drink in one go. The reference is NASA's Challenger accident. Reference lies in the whisky name and mixer. Ice is optional, and it happens to be somewhat symbolic of the crash. Tabasco is optional in this drink, again symbolic of the fireball that became of Challenger.
Special K - 1 oz (30 mL) Southern Comfort, 1 oz (30 mL) Bourbon in a glass with a splash of orange juice, a dash of grenadine, and filling the remainder of the glass with sweet and sour mix. Alternative: 0.5 oz (15 mL) curaçao, 0.5 oz (15 mL) triple sec, 1 oz (30 mL) of vodka, 4 oz (120 mL) lemonade and a dash of sugar.
Steeplejack - 1½ oz (45 mL) Calvados (apple brandy),2 ½ oz (75 mL) apple juice, ¼ oz (7.5 mL) fresh lime juice. Served in a Collins glass with ice. Fill with soda. Add lime wheel.
Stinger - 1.5 oz (45 mL) brandy, 0.5 oz (15 mL) white creme de menthe. The ingredients are combined in a cocktail shaker and strained into a cocktail glass. The origins of this drink are murky, but it is mentioned in bartender's recipe books as far back as Tom Bullock's Ideal Bartender, published in 1917.
Strawberry Dream - 3 strawberries, ¾ oz (20 mL) butterscotch schnapps, ¾ oz (20 mL) Bacardi light rum, ¾ oz (20 mL) Baileys Irish Cream, ¾ oz (20 mL) cream, 1½ oz (45 mL) milk, 4 ice cubes. For garnishing and presentation: thimble full of strawberry syrup, 1 strawberry. Blend ingredients until smooth. Coat the glass with the thimble full of strawberry syrup. Pour blended drink gently into glass. Garnish glass with the extra strawberry (of course!) Serve immediately (if possible in a tall cocktail glass/hurricane glass), and enjoy!
Suburban - 1½ oz (45 mL) rye whisky, ½ oz (15 mL) dark Jamaican rum, ½ oz (15 mL) port, dash of orange bitters, dash of Angostura bitters. Stir all ingredients in a cocktail shaker with cracked ice. Strain into a chilled cocktail glass. The Suburban is a drink sometimes associated with horse-racing and draws its name from the Suburban Handicap that was run in Brooklyn during the 1880s.
Swank Motel - 1 shot (30 mL) triple sec, 1 shot (30 mL) gin, tonic. The usual garnish is a maraschino cherry. Limes are said to bring out the gin taste too strongly, and are generally avoided.
Sweet Chocolate Brown - 2 parts Goldschlager, 1 part Canadian whiskey (traditionally Pendleton Whiskey), 1 part chocolate sauce. Mix into an ice-filled shaker. Serve over rocks in a lowball glass. Drink is usually slammed or chugged; taken in one large gulp.
Sweet Tight Pussy - 1 oz (30 mL) pineapple juice, ½ oz (15 mL) Midori melon liqueur, ½ oz (15 mL) peach schnapps, ½ oz (15 mL) 7-Up. Pour all ingredients into a cocktail shaker. Shake, strain into a shot glass, and serve.
Swervin' Mervin - Mix ¼ oz Rum, ¼ oz Gin, ¼ oz Vodka, ¼ oz Triple sec, and ¼ oz Midori melon liqueur. Finish with orange or pineapple juice and greadine. Shake and have ice added.
Tailspin - ¾ oz (20 mL) sweet vermouth, ¾ oz (20 mL) gin, ¾ oz (20 mL) green Chartreuse, 1 dash orange bitters, 1 twist lemon peel, 1 cherry. Its flavour has been described as "a cross between a Bijou and a Negroni". [30]
Tamagozake - Pour 1 cup (250 mL) of sake and a beaten egg into a small saucepan. Heat the mixture over a low flame, stirring continuously. Remove from heat before it comes to the boil. Mix in one to two teaspoons (5-10 mL) of sugar. It should appear a little thick and creamy.
Teknekt (or Teknert) - Mix a half cup (125 mL) of tea with a half cup (125 mL) of moonshine and adding sugar. Sometimes the moonshine is replaced with rum. The name is probably from Scandinavia, where "knert" means (approximately) "add a dose of moonshine".
Tequila Manhattan - 1.5 oz (45 mL) gold tequila, several dashes sweet vermouth, 1 slice of lime. The tequila and vermouth is mixed with cracked ice in a shaker or blender and strained into a chilled cocktail glass. It is garnished with the lime slice. Dry vermouth can be used as a substitute for the sweet variety, depending on taste, or a combination of sweet/dry vermouth can be used.
Tequila Slammer - ½ tequila, ½ lemon-lime flavoured soft drink. When the two ingredients are in the shot glass, take a folded paper towel and put over the top. Slam the shot glass on the table, bar, etc. Make sure the drink fizzes. Turn up and drink while its still fizzing.
Tequila Sunrise - 2 oz (60 mL) tequila, 4 oz (120 mL) orange juice, 1 oz (30 mL) grenadine. Mix the tequila and orange juice in a mix glass with ice cubes, then pour it over in a highball glass with crushed ice cubes. Then top with grenadine, making it sink gradually down in the glass, making the illusion of a sunrise.[31]
Tequini Martini - 1½ oz (45 mL) tequila, ½ oz (15 mL) dry vermouth, 1 dash Bitters, 1 twist of lemon peel, 1 olive. Stir tequila, vermouth and bitters with ice and strain into a cocktail glass. Add the twist of lemon peel, top with the olive, and serve.
Texas Tea - 1 oz (30 mL) Vodka, 1 oz (30 mL) Gin, 1 oz (30 mL) Rum, 1 oz (30 mL) Triple-sec, 1 oz (30 mL) Tequila. Stir over rocks into pint glass. Add 1 oz (30 mL) Dr. Pepper, top with lime and/or lemon.
The Saugeen Slammer - 1 oz (30mL) gin, 1 oz (30mL) vodka, 1 oz (30 mL) rum, 1 oz (30 mL) whisky, 1 oz (30 mL) tequila, 1 oz (30 mL) raspberry sour puss, 250 mL lemonade, 250 mL Sprite, splash of lime juice
Three Wise Men - 2/3 oz (20 mL) Jack Daniel's Whiskey, 2/3 oz (20 mL) Jim Beam Whiskey, 2/3 oz (20 mL) Johnnie Walker Scotch (Red Label). Pour ingredients into a shot glass and shoot.
Three Wise Men Go Hunting - ½ oz (15 mL) Jack Daniels Whiskey, ½ oz (15 mL) Jim Beam Whiskey, ½ oz (15 mL) Johnnie Walker Scotch (Red Label), ½ oz (15 mL) Wild Turkey Bourbon. Pour into a shot glass and shoot.
Tiger Friday - 1 ounce each of Pineapple Schnapps, Triple Sec, two ounces of TY KU Black premium Sake, Sweet and Sour Mix, strain and serve with cayenne pepper on top.
Tinto De Verano - 1 bottle (750 mL) of red wine, 500 mL of lemonade, lots of ice. Pour the wine and lemonade into a pitcher and throw in lots of ice. If you feel like a stronger drink, add a shot of rum, or a vermouth such as martini. Pour into tall glasses and garnish with a twist of lemon. Tinto de Verano is a refreshing wine based cocktail similar to sangria which is very popular in Andalucia. The name translates as red wine of summer, and it is commonly drunk in summer. It is very refreshing, and is commonly served in beachside chiringuitos. It is also often home-made, or indeed bought ready-bottled from supermarkets. In the Costa del Sol it is common for locals to drink tinto verano while tourists drink sangria. Notes: The wine should be full bodied, but does not need to be expensive, a cheap tempranillo will do; the lemonade used should not be too sweet or taste strongly of lemon, but rather should be as close as possible to Spanish gaseosa or casera, which is carbonated water with a hint of artificial lemon flavouring and a hint of artificial sweetener. A stronger or sweeter lemonade such as Fanta, or traditional Americal lemonade will not do. If this kind of lemonade is unavailable, it can be replaced with carbonated water some sugar and a little lemon. Sprite would work, though it is not ideal, diet or lite sprite would work well. Tinto verano can be served with fruit, which makes it very similar to sangria.[32][33][34][35][36]
Ti'Punch - 50 mL white agricultural rum, 10 mL cane syrup (cane sugar also works), ½ lime. Pour rum, then cane juice. Squeeze lime juice, then drop lime into drink. Stir. The Ti'Punch is a rum-based mixed drink that is especially popular in Martinique, Guadeloupe, French Guyana and other French-speaking Caribbean states. It is usually served as an apéritif before starting a meal, both as a matter of tradition and because the drink itself is strongly alcoholic. A popular tradition is that of chacun prépare sa propre mort (roughly, each prepares his own death), where instead of serving the mixed drink, the bartender or host will simply place out the ingredients, and everyone will prepare the drink according to their own taste. Opinions differ as to whether it should be served with or without ice, but most agree that the "real" ti'punch should be served without ice.
TNT (or Prairie Fire) - 1.5 oz (45 mL) of tequila, splash of Tabasco sauce. Pour tequila into a shot glass. Splash in a couple drops of Tabasco sauce. Variations: Angel's Tit - substitute vodka for the tequila; Heart of Fire - whiskey for the tequila; Hellfire - add a cinnamon flavoured liqueur (such as Hot Damn or Goldschlager); General Sherman - Southern Comfort for the tequila.
Tombstone - 1 part barley wine, 2 parts cider. It is popular in England, especially in Gloucestershire.
Tom Collins - Cracked ice, 1.5 oz (45 mL) gin, juice of one lemon (about 1 oz [30 mL]), 1 tsp (5 mL) fine sugar or sugar syrup, club soda. Garnish. Fill a Collins glass up about two-thirds with ice. Add sugar, lemon juice and gin. Stir well. Top off glass with club soda. A garnish, such as a maraschino cherry, is optional. Variations include using (unsweetened) lime juice instead of lemon juice; skipping the sugar in the above recipe, and using lemon-lime soda instead of club soda; and using "Collins mixer" soda (essentially slightly sweet lime soda) om place of the lime juice, sugar and club soda.
Trader Vic's Rum Fizz - 1½ oz (45 mL) light rum, 1 oz (30 mL) lemon juice, 2 tsp (10 mL) sugar, 1 egg, ½ oz (15 mL) chilled cream soda, grated orange rind. Shake juice, sugar, egg and rum with ice. Strain and top with cream soda. Polish off with grated orange rind. This is a Gin Fizz (qv) made with egg yolk instead of egg white. A Royal Fizz uses both. Give the drink its fizz with champagne instead of soda water and you've got a Diamond Fizz. And although the most popular Fizzes were anchored with gin, most any spirit can be worked into the routine.
Tschunk - squashed Lime, cane sugar, crushed ice, 20% rum, 80% club mate [37]
Tucker Death Mix - 1 litre grain alcohol (such as Everclear), 1 quart (1 L) Gatorade (Tucker says that lemon-lime is the "only true flavour"), 1 can Red Bull. Each batch makes slightly more than 2 litres of the 86 proof Tucker Death Mix, similar in alcohol content to a hard liquor such as vodka or rum. It was invented and popularised by Tucker Max as a way to quickly become inebriated. Variation: A variation of the Tucker Death Mix that appears in drinksmixer.com and freedrinkrecipes.com replaces 250 mL of grain alcohol with a second can of Red Bull, substituting alcohol content for flavour and caffeine. The volume produced is still the same but the alcoholic content is reduced to 32.4% (65 proof). Note: drinksmixer.com has the alternative composition listed as being 59 proof, which is presumably a miscalculation. The origins of the alternative composition of TDM are not known; however, it is worth noting that since Tucker Max was the eponymous originator of the beverage, the original proportions with higher alcohol content appearing on his website should be technically considered more correct.
Tupper's Top Up - Shot formation in a 2 oz shot glass- 15 mL vodka, 15 mL rum, 15 mL tequila, top up with raspberry sour puss
Turbo Shandy - Equal measures lager and alcoholic lemonade. The brand is not important although it is often made with Stella Artois and Smirnoff Ice. Dangerously effective.Twentieth Century-Cafe Royal Cocktail book 1937Combine-1½ oz dry gin, ¾ oz white Lillet, ¾ oz white Creme de Cacao, ¾ oz fresh lemon juice, shake with ice and strain up into cocktail glass
Vodka Martini - 1½ oz (45 mL) vodka, a splash of dry vermouth, 1 or 2 olives.
Waikiki Woo Woo - Vodka, rum, tequila, triple sec, amaretto, orange juice, pineapple juice, cranberry juice and crushed ice.
Walter De Camp - 40 mL bourbon, 20 mL lemon juice, 10 mL maple syrup, 2 drops Angostura, ice, slice of orange (for decoration). The drink was designed by Jasu Piasecki. It is named after a Finnish writer who writes answers to questions about partying, restaurants and celebrities in the Finnish City magazine after the writer described that "It has to contain whiskey, be a short drink and taste really good."
Warm Blonde - 1 oz (30 mL) Southern Comfort layered over 1 oz (30 mL) amaretto in a shot glass.
Wedding Belle - ⅓ dry gin, ⅓ Dubonnet, 1/6 orange juice and 1/6 cherry brandy, shaken with ice and strained into a glass.
Whiskey Sour - A Whiskey Sour is made with a double shot (50 mL) of whiskey (typically an American whiskey or bourbon will be used), 30 mL of lemon juice, 20 mL Gomme (a sugar syrup used in most cocktail bars), 2 dashes of Angostura bitters and a dash of egg white if required. The ingredients are then shaken and strained into a rocks (Old Fashioned) glass with cubed ice and garnished with a lemon twist. By increasing the ratio of lemon juice to Gomme one can increase the sourness of the cocktail. Too much Gomme will result in a cocktail that is too sickly and loses its original appeal - being sour. The flavour of a sour, especially a whiskey sour, has been likened to that of sour sweets that leaves the mouth watering and the tongue tingling but always wanting more.
White Lady (or Delilah) - 2 oz (60 mL) gin, 1 oz (30 mL) lemon juice, 1 oz (30 mL) Cointreau or triple sec. Shake or stir with ice. Strain into a cocktail glass, and garnish with a lemon twist. The White Lady is also known as the Delilah, possibly because it has a sweet, delicate flavour that masks its significant alcohol content. It is essentially a Sidecar made with gin in place of brandy.
White Russian - 1½ oz (45 mL) vodka, ½ oz (15 mL) Kahlúa, 4 tsps (20 mL) cream or milk. Mix together in glass. Add Cream to top off glass and blend until homogeneous. A White Russian is a twist on the Black Russian with the addition of cream.
Wiki Waki Woo - 0.5 oz (15 mL) vodka, 0.5 oz (15 mL) rum, ½ oz (15 mL) 151-proof rum, 0.5 oz (15 mL) tequila, 0.5 oz (15 mL) triple sec, 1 oz amaretto, 1 oz orange juice, 1 oz pineapple juice, 1 oz cranberry juice. Combine all ingredients except the 151 with ice in a glass, put a straw in it and pour the 151 into the straw.
Wild Berry Fizz - Skyy Berry, Raspberry Liquor, Sour Mix, topped with Champagne, sugar rim
Wild Tea - 1 part Wild Turkey brand bourbon, 2 parts Arizona Sweet Tea...delicious summer drink, created by JD of Hopatcong.
Wisconsin Lunchbox - A glass of half beer and half orange juice, with a shot of Amaretto dropped into it. It is similar to an Irish Carbomb or a Boilermaker. Like other similar such drinks, it is meant to be consumed quickly.
Woo Woo (or Woo Woos) - 1 ¼ oz (35 mL) vodka, ½ oz (15 mL) peach schnapps, 1 ¼ oz (35 mL) cranberry juice. Contents are poured in order over ice in a highball glass. The juice content can be modified to suit the individual. The cocktail was believed to have been made famous by Aled Jones from the Chris Moyles show on BBC Radio 1. Since then, this drink has picked up a reputation for being popular within the homosexual community.
Zombie - ½ Orange Juice and ½ Bar Mix (lemon or lime juice)½ oz (15 mL) White Rum, ½ oz (15 mL) Amber Rum, ½ oz (15 mL) Dark Rum and ½ oz(15 mL) Cherry Brandygarnish with an Orange and Cherry Serve in a Zombie glass (Collins).
